[Intro: Gucci Mane]
Yeah
It’s Gucci
What's up, baby? (Brrr!)
Yellow everything this time (Yellow)
You know what I’m talking about
Yellow rims (Lemons)
Yellow big booty yellowbones, ha (Yellow?)
Yellow Lambs (Yellow), yellow MPs (Yellow)
Yellow watch (Banana!)
Yellow charm ring chain (Yellow)
Yellow living room set (Chiquita! Yellow)
Lemonade Gucci shoes for my girl (It's Gucci)
It’s Gucci!

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
My Phantom sitting on sixes, no twenties in my denim (No)
Your Cutlass motor knocking because it is a lemon (Lemon)
I like them Georgia peaches, but you look more like a lemon (Lemon)
These sour-apple bitter bitches I'm not fucking with them (Lemon)
I'm truly stupid-paid, that's just how I feel today (Today, lemon)
I'm moving slow cause codeine syrup's in my lemonade (Lemon)
I'm standing in the shade, and I'm selling lemonade (Lemons)
Six hundred a pint: the going rate off in the A (Lemon!)
Lemonade diamond bracelet, put it in your face (Brrr!)
Lemonhead diamond earrings I wore yesterday (Brrr! Lemon)
I'm pimping, wearing linen, that's just how I'm chilling (Lemon)
I'm smoking grits and selling chickens, Corvette painted lemon (It's Gucci!)

[Hook: Choir & Gucci Mane]
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah)
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Brrr!)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (What?)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Wow)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (What?)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Wow)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brrr! Brrr!)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brrr! Brrr!)

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
I got lemonade and lemon-tint, lemons watch me mix the shit (Lemons)
Lemonade-complexion East Australian girl be killing me (Yeah)
She say I be killing her, I say I be feeling it (Wow)
Four days, then I'm sick of her 'cause her brain is Lemonhead (Damn)
Cocaine-white exterior, interior lemonade (Gucci)
Yellow with the off-white trimming, I call that the super-drank (Wow)
Yellow diamond pinky ring, call that there the lemon rock (Brrr! Brrr!)
Jewelry box a lemon bin (Brrr! Brrr!), my earring size an apricot (Brrr!)
Yeah, I smoke that strong a lot; yeah, I need some—what you got? (Yeah)
Half a pound of lemon kush, call that pack the lemon drop (Ahem)
Canary yellow lemon watch (Brrr!), big bird, yellow top (Nyoom!)
Yellow Polo, Polo slippers, white and yellow Polo socks (Nyoom!)
"Gucci Mane be pumping, dog, he don't got all he say he got"(Nyoom!)
Just stash one lemon, homie, I can supply them the fifty Glocks (Nyoom!)
Yellow boat parked at the dock (Dollar), yellowbone gon' make the drop (Dollar)
Finna flop mine off the top, then go buy me a yellow yacht (It's Gucci!)

[Hook: Choir & Gucci Mane]
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah)
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Brrr!)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (What?)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Wow)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (What?)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Wow)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Yeah, yeah)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brrr! Brrr! Brrr! Brr!)

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Lemonade my townhouse in Miami: I want yellow carpet (Yeah)
Woke up in the morning—"Fuck it," bought a yellow Aston Martin (Fuck it)
Yellow bricks, yellow dust, yellow ring, yellow Tuss'
Yellow pills, spinning wheels, yellow weed, re-up with us (Yeah)
Coward-ass nigga, yellow stripe, you a yellowback (Yeah)
AK hit your dog, and you can't bring Old Yellow back (Nope! Nope! Nope!)
Yep, Gucci bang up eighty thousand: that's a yellow safe (Yeah)
Yellow, homes; mellow, homes; you know you a scaredy-cat (Yeah)
No sleep for two days, so my pupils looking yellow (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Five flights, six shows, quarter-million on my schedule
(Bangladesh) and Gucci Mane: Niggas know they in trouble (Gucci, Gucci, Bang', Gucci)
Green ice, red light; caution: Gucci rock yellow (Brrr, ice, live, Gucci!)
Gucci! (Gucci!) Gucci!

[Hook: Choir & Gucci Mane]
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah)
Yeah, it's Gucci
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Brrr!)
It's Big Gucci
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (What?)
It's brilliance
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Wow)
Ha, lemonade everything, baby, that's just Gucci
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (What?)
Gucci! Work
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Wow)
Yeah, where we at?
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Yeah)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brrr! Brrr! Brrr! Brr!)