[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Bad Boy
Come out and play
You know we had to do a remix, right?

[Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.]
Ugh! Ugh!
Niggas is mad I get more butt than ashtrays (Yeah)
Fuck a fair one, I get mine the fast way
Ski mask way, nigga, ransom notes (Ugh)
Far from handsome, but damn, a nigga tote (What you tote?)
More guns than roses, foes is shaking in their boots
Invisible bully, like The Gooch
Disappear, vamoose, you're wack to me (Ugh)
Take them rhymes back to the factory
I see, the gimmicks, the wack lyrics
The shit is depressing, pathetic, please forget it (Ugh)
You're mad 'cause my style you're admiring
Don't be mad, UPS is hiring (Woo!)
You should've been a cop, fuck hip-hop
With that freestyle, you're bound to get shot (Ugh)
Not from Houston but I Rap-A-Lot (Uh-huh)
Pack the gat a lot (Uh-huh), the flav's 'bout to drop, ugh

[Chorus: Craig Mack]
Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear
Time for new flava in ya ear
I'm kicking new flava in ya ear
Mack's the brand-new flava in ya ear
Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear
Time for new flava in ya ear (Ahh, here comes the Mack!)

[Verse 2: Craig Mack]
Word up, no rap, no crap, you bore me (Remix)
Wanna grab my dick, too lazy, hold it for me (Ugh)
I'm straight, rap great, busting heads, straighten dreads
I'm everlasting (What?), like the toe on Pro-Keds
A Tec-9 when I rhyme; plus, I climb
Word is bond, your album couldn't fuck with one line
It's been three years since you last hear
But now, I reappear, your heart pumps fear
To your gut (What?), did your girl's butt (Ha)
I scraped it, shaped it, now, she won't strut (Haha)
I smash teeth, fuck your beef, no relief
I step on stage, girls scream like I'm Keith (*Haaaa*)
You won't be around next year (No, you won't)
My raps too severe, kicking mad flava in ya ear

[Chorus: Craig Mack]
Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear
Time for new flava in ya ear
I'm kicking new flava in ya ear
Mack's the brand new flava in ya ear
Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear
Time for new flava in ya ear

[Verse 3: Rampage]
21, '94, mad motherfucking hardcore
It's my time to burn, now, explore
The flava in ya ear, it's The Boy Scout
I make outs, I make other rappers have doubts (That's right)
You're fucking with the wrong clan and the wrong man
That's it, now you got to get your dome split (Rock on)
I'm going into my knapsack with my gat
Take off my hat, guess I'm just cool like that
The dangerous, the ruggedness, from the Flatbush abyss (Ugh)
BLS, 97, KISS, bounce to this
I'm gonna live long in this rap game, niggas know my name
Yo, Puffy! (Burn 'em in the flames)

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
You're jingling, baby (Go 'head, Daddy)
You're jingling, baby (Go 'head, Daddy)

[Verse 4: LL Cool J]
Hee-shee! Ugh, blow-ticious
Skeevy (Mmm), delicious
Gimme couscous, love me good
Mmm, damn! Hollis to Hollywood, but is he good?
I guess like the jeans, ugh!
Flavor like praline, sick, daddy, yah'mean?
Papa love it, when he does it (That's right)
Niggas buzz it
But tell me, was it really just the flavor that be clogging your ears?
The most healthy behavior is to stay in the clear (Ugh)
It's all for you, it's really all for you (Now what?)
Hunchback, close your eyes, try to munch that
Oil up your ankles, let your Timbs tap
Bite the flavor, it reacts to your gold caps
Word to Mama, I tongue-kiss a piranha
Electrocute a barracuda, I'm here to bring the drama

[Verse 5: Busta Rhymes]
Yo! Yo! Yo! Flavors in your ass crease, ha!
Busta Rhymes about to bring the noise, so cease, ha
Let me loose from the belly of the beast, ha
Everybody!
Hey, hey, hey! You better believe it's Busta Rhymes, the great
We 'bout to rip the Tri-State, yo, yo
Hey, hey, hey! I'll split your face and give you stitches
Throw niggas in ditches, slap the ass of fat bitches
Wait one sec, as I get down
I'm rolling with the heavyweight connect to the stomping ground
Now, don't you get suspicious, I grant your wishes every time (Ha)
Bring it vicious when I bust a rhyme (Word is bond)
I know one thing the whole world least expected
Is how we all connected (Ha) to break food on the same record
Five new flavors on beat, feel the fucking heat (Whoa)
I really think you should retreat while we blow up the street (Hey)
Instead of copping pleas, just freeze (Ha)
Maintain the focus while we smoke these marijuana trees
When I get down, I disappear, reappear
And blow up everywhere (Ha!), fucking with these flavors in ya ear

[Chorus: Craig Mack]
Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear
Time for new flava in ya ear
I'm kicking new flava in ya ear
Mack's the brand new flava in ya ear
Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear
Time for new flava in ya ear
I'm kicking new flava in ya ear
Mack's the brand new flava in ya ear

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
'94
East New Jersey
Bad Boy
Rock on
Mo Bee
Rock on