[Intro]
(Yeah)
Hey!
Leave me alone

[Verse 1]
Panic-stricken, handle business, not a joke, yeah
Manners missin', travel different, no control, yeah
Time to listen, time to zip it, keep it closed
My description, highly gifted, take some notes, yeah
Lack of interest, why'd you visit? Hit the road, yeah
I'm kinda twisted, so keep your distance, be a ghost
Yeah, see I'm inventive, but quite the menace, you ain't know?
Well then I'm offended, let's jog your memories, here we go, yeah
I went from nobody to kinda famous
Hide my plaques inside the closet, I just can't explain it
My wife, she tells me that she's proud and thinks that I should hang 'em
But I just leave 'em on the ground right next to my self-hatred
Yeah, yeah, mental health, where's my mental health?
Diagnosed with OCD, what does that mean? Well, gather 'round
That means I obsessively obsess on things I think about
That means I might take a normal thought and think it's so profound (Leave me alone)
Ruminating, fill balloons up full of doubts
Do the same things, if I don't, I'm overwhelmed (Leave me alone)
Thoughts are pacing, they go 'round and 'round and 'round
It's so draining, let's move onto something else, fine (Oh) (Leave me alone)
Runnin' the game, but they don't even know it
Like I'm undercover and don't wanna blow it
I come out of nowhere, they don't even notice
The flow is so cold, you would think it was snowin' (Oh) (Leave me alone)
I'm under the weather, but wind isn't blowin'
I got an umbrella for difficult moments
You got to admit it, I'm very devoted
I'm out in the rain, but it don't always open, so I… (I, I)

[Pre-Chorus]
Hold up my balloons and cover up my face
I can feel them weighin' on me every day
I should let 'em go and watch 'em float away
But I'm scared if I do, then I'll be more afraid (More afraid)
Tell them how I feel, but they don't wanna change (Don't wanna change)
Tell them how I feel, but they remain the same (Same)
Loosen up my grip, they say that's not okay
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy, leave me alone! (Oh!)

[Chorus]
Ayy, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy (Yeah), leave me alone!
Woo, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy (Yeah), leave me alone! (Leave me alone)

[Verse 2]
I hate when they debate if we're underrated
We're so overlooked that they're lookin' over our numbers, Nathan (Leave me alone)
We don't do enough interviews or go out in public lately
We don't post enough on our socials
To keep the buzz from fading (Leave me alone)
Let it fade, yeah, let it fade
Once it's decimated, then you drop a song outta nowhere
And all the fans embrace it (Leave me alone)
Then the buzz will surface again, it's part of my operation
I don't need advice from my doubts right now
End of conversation (Leave me alone)
Shut your mouth, yeah, shut your mouth
Better tone it down, close it now
If you make a sound, I'ma change the dial (Leave me alone)
Funny how they be acting loud, comin' unannounced
It's floating 'round
Man, the kid is wild, pretty vile, true (Leave me alone)
I'm kinda funny but don't really show it
I keep it together but have a disorder
I go to my room and I sit in my corner
And talk to myself in a language that's foreign (Leave me alone)
I think of a rhyme and I have to record it
But know if I don't, I'll wake up in the mornin'
And question my life again, always avoiding
I hate to be different, but hate to be normal, so I... (Leave me alone)

[Pre-Chorus]
Hold up my balloons and cover up my face
I can feel them weighin' on me every day
I should let 'em go and watch 'em float away
But I'm scared if I do, then I'll be more afraid
Tell them how I feel, but they don't wanna change (Wanna change)
Tell them how I feel but they remain the same (They remain the same)
Loosen up my grip, they say that's not okay
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy
Leave me alone!

[Chorus]
Ayy, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy (Yeah), leave me alone!
Woo, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy (Yeah), leave me alone!

[Verse 3]
Remember back in "NO NAME," I said fame called? (Yeah, yeah)
Told you I hung up, it kinda felt wrong (Leave me alone) (Wrong, wrong)
Finally called him back, we didn't talk long (No)
He asked me how I'd been, I sent him this song (Leave me alone, quiet, quiet, quiet)
Yeah, think he took offense, he kinda seemed off (Off)
I texted him that night to ask what he thought (Leave me alone, quiet, quiet, quiet)
It took a couple days to get a response
But once I finally did, he said this song sucks (Leave me alone, quiet, quiet, quiet)
Feel the symptoms, couldn't miss 'em, wrestle with 'em
Then I pin and flip 'em, brought some back up
No, well, you should get some (Leave me alone, quiet, quiet, quiet)
Who you dissin'? Mood is switchin', don't come in the kitchen
You should listen, cookin' record for my hands are blisterin'
So persistent, don't forget this, hold the tension, soul is bendin'
No pretendin', open-ended, low percentage, so demented (Leave me alone)
Whole consensus, flow tremendous, no apprentice, dope incentive
Show intensive, so possessive, tone aggressive, watch your step when I... (Leave me alone)

[Pre-Chorus]
Hold up my balloons and cover up my face (Up my face)
I can feel them weighin' on me every day (Yeah, every day)
I should let 'em go and watch them float away (Yeah, float away)
But I'm scared if I do then I'll be more afraid
Leave me alone (Yeah), leave me alone, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Leave me alone, leave me alone (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Leave me alone, leave me alone (Yeah, leave me alone)
Yeah, leave me alone, leave me alone, ayy, leave me alone!

[Chorus]
Ayy, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy (Yeah), leave me alone!
Woo, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy (Yeah), leave me alone!
Ayy, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy (Yeah), leave me alone!
Woo, yeah
Quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, ayy
Leave me alone