[Intro]
Good times
 (Yeah), 
any time you meet a payment
Good times, any time you meet a friend
(
SB on the track
)
Huh, huh, uh-huh
Yeah, aw shit
It's LikyBo in this thing, man
All I'ma say is keep up
Check me out (Keep up)

[Verse 1]
Niggas pillow talk to bitches for the pennies
I ain't never been a ho, that's on the daughter of my granny (Uh-huh)
Keep a tool like I'm Handy Manny
Blood make you related, loyalty make you family
I don't fuck with niggas, fuck them other niggas, only brothers, nigga
I'll bust for niggas if I got it out the mud with niggas (Boom, boom)
And in this gun, I got some slugs for niggas
And if he wanna fight me, catch these uppercuts, lil' nigga
I don't pick and choose my battles, boy, they choose me (They always choose)
Niggas always choose me and end up losin' (Yeah)
Chopper kick like Bruce Lee, this bitch got mood swings
Bullets ain't got no name on 'em, so fuck who you bring (Fuck 'em)
Tell 'em two things, you keep on actin' like you active
We gon' take you from your mama and hold your ass for ransom (Yeah)
Bitches love me and they tell me that I'm handsome
All different type of bitches every day, it's kinda random (Hah)
They tryna hold me captive, knowin' I'm the captain
Jimmy Neutron with the rocket, I start blastin'
He keep talkin' like I'm a bitch, I start laughin'
That's the same nigga had on them chains and let me snatch 'em
It's 'bout time I get my life together (Uh-huh)
Saucy niggas throwin' pepper, mama raised me better (Uh-huh)
Know they hatin' for the pleasure, keep applyin' pressure (Uh-huh)
And if he trippin', it's whatever, quick to bury a nigga right next to the treasure, look
Slow down, speed it up
Hundred rounds eat him up
Five bitches, all sluts
All this green, Milwaukee Bucks

[Chorus]
Million dollar mindset, is it my time yet? (Is it my time yet?)
Million dollar mindset, is it my time yet? (Is it my time?)
Million dollar mindset, is it my time yet? (Is it my time yet?)
Million dollar mindset, is it my time yet? (Uh-huh)

[Verse 2]
Closed mouths don't get fed, and I'm just tryna eat (Tryna eat)
Whether I get it out the bitch or get it in these streets
Rather get it on the beat, but everybody sleep
When I drop this, y'all better slap this shit the whole week
I'm a perfect imperfection like I'm Kevin Gates (Free Gates)
Niggas keep on playin', they gon' be standin' at the heaven gates (Boom)
I do it for my team, so my section straight
'Cause when I was twelve, we lost that Section 8
So I'm grindin', I'm movin' in silence
Like I'm miming, I'm tryin' to be the best, I ain't lyin'
All that cryin' don't help you get it, just wasted timing
They steady callin', so I had to change my number like Bryant, uh-huh

[Chorus]
Million dollar mindset, is it my time yet? (Is it my time yet?)
Million dollar mindset, is it my time yet? (Is it my time?)
Million dollar mindset, is it my time yet? (Is it my time yet?)
Million dollar mindset, is it my (Is it my time?)

[Outro]
Ryan, slap him up, this nigga talkin' too much
Niggas swear they runnin' wild until they run into us
Tryna turn my life around before I turn into dust
You better turn your life around before I up it and bust, haha