[Intro: MAX]
Would you love me less?
If you knew the places that I've been?
If you knew the damage that I did?
Would you love me less? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

[Verse 1: MAX]
I got too much dirt to come clean
Closets full of skeletons that you don't wanna see
Will you judge me? All my ugly?
I won't blame you if you do
No lies, don't wanna keep no secrets
Even if what I'ma say'll leave you speechless
No secrets
If I introduce you to my demons, tell me

[Chorus: MAX]
Baby, would you love me less
If you knew the places that I've been?
If you knew the damage that I did?
Oh, would you love me less? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Would you love me less
If I had a dollar for my sins?
If you knew the beds that I've been in?
Oh, would you love me less? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

[Verse 2: Quinn XCII]
I'm happy you never saw me in college
Blood on my hands I refuse to acknowledge
That's why I get light-headed, thin ice that I'm treadin'
Soft conversations in our bed, my skin's sweatin'
She doesn't like my list of exes I've had at home
She's buggin', sounding childish like a xylophone
Knees buckling, hearing that falsetto that's in her tone
If I introduce you to my demons, tell me

[Chorus: MAX, Quinn XCII, & MAX and Quinn XCII]
Baby, would you love me less (Love me less)
If you knew the places that I've been? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
If you knew the damage that I did? (Damage that I did)
Oh, would you love me less? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
(Now, would you love me? Now, would you love me?)
Would you love me less (Would you love me less?)
If I had a dollar for my sins? (Oh, hey yeah, yeah)
If you knew the beds that I've been in? (Oh, hey yeah, yeah)
Oh, would you love me less? No, no, no, no, no, no
(Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah)

[Bridge: MAX & Quinn XCII]
Or would you love me more?
Or would you love me more?
If you knew the person that I was, yeah yeah
If you knew the power of your love to change me (Oh, hey yeah, yeah)
And if I introduce you to my demons, tell me

[Chorus: MAX, Quinn XCII, & MAX and Quinn XCII]
Baby, you won't love me less (Love me less)
If you knew the places that I've been (Yeah, yeah; oh, if you knew the places)
If you knew the damage that I did? (The trouble that I'm in)
Oh, would you love me less?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no (Now, would you love me?)
Would you love me less (Would you love me less?)
If I had a dollar for my sins? (Oh, hey yeah, yeah; a dollar for my sins, now)
If you knew the beds that I've been in? (Oh, hey yeah, yeah)
Oh, would you love me less? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no