[Intro: NLE Choppa]
Yeah
NLE, Top Shotta
Baby Mexico Choppa
Yeah, what we on, Blueface? How we comin'?
Yeah, yeah (Midas got a jugg, ayy)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus: NLE Choppa]
I am a menace, keep me a rack just like tennis
I'm with the shit like I'm Dennis
I started this shit, I'ma finish
Niggas be hatin', tryna blemish my image
Who want the smoke? .223 came with the scope
Extended clip long as a rope
We wipe his nose, just like he had him a cold
I knew that boy was a ho

[Verse 1: NLE Choppa]
Pull up with the gang, you know that we bangin'
What is your set, nigga? What is you claimin'?
I am a beast, you cannot tame it
Don't point a finger, this shit can get dangerous
These niggas hatin', these niggas plottin'
Ooh, he got money? I'm runnin' his wallet
You say you a killer, lil' nigga, stop it
In a shootout, your gun was droppin'
You really a ho
You pull up, I let that bitch blow
And just like some tissue, we wipin' your nose
I was on stage with the strap at my show
If you play, I'ma blow, put a tag on your toe
Wet a nigga up, send him straight to the doctor
Two bullets in his chest, make the fuck nigga holler
I'm a big dog, Great Dane, nigga, you a toddler
Bitch nigga, you my son, so that make me a father, yeah

[Chorus: NLE Choppa]
I am a menace, keep me a rack just like tennis
I'm with the shit like I'm Dennis
I started this shit, I'ma finish
Niggas be hatin', tryna blemish my image
Who want the smoke? .223 came with the scope
Extended clip long as a rope
We wipe his nose, just like he had him a cold
I knew that boy was a ho (Huh?)

[Verse 2: Blueface]
Blueface, baby
Yeah, yeah, aight
Bitch, I'm a Loc, MAC with the scope
I am big homie, one phone call, they go
Pick the wrong side, Glock put him courtside
Now he watchin' it shoot from the floor
Ooh, hold up, hold up, hold up, let me switch the flow
Choppa got a chopper, make a wrong move, bet he pop ya
Bitch call me daddy, bitch call me papa
That boy bologna, bitch, I'm vegan
You know if I hit it, then it was on camera
Hopped off the bus, then I hopped in a Porsche (Panamera)
On Forgis, sittin' on a four piece
With a biscuit
I play with fire, sometimes I burn bridges
Bet you ain't never met a nigga love swimmin'
Pull up like Tracy McGrady from the Pistons
Gotta keep a pistol for a fuck nigga dissin'
Bet this chopper make him dance like a disco

[Chorus: NLE Choppa]
I am a menace, keep me a rack just like tennis
I'm with the shit like I'm Dennis
I started this shit, I'ma finish
Niggas be hatin', tryna blemish my image
Who want the smoke? .223 came with the scope
Extended clip long as a rope
We wipe his nose, just like he had him a cold
I knew that boy was a ho (Huh?)

[Verse 3: NLE Choppa]
I might just OD, Percs killin' me slowly
Feelin' like I'm Kobe, can't nan' nigga hold me
If he wanna run up on me, shoot him like Ginobili
And I'm with the shit, lil' homie, yeah, like I'm Toby (Yeah)
And I'm with the shit, lil' homie, yeah, like I'm Toby, bitch (Yeah)

[Outro]
Finna ad-lib, keep all that (Like I'm Toby, yeah, yeah)
(Like a school shooter named Toby, yeah)
Keep all that, Tay, yeah (This shit straight drop, lil' nigga, no cut)
Ayy, Tay, keep all that, keep all that (Straight drop, lil' nigga, no cut)
Yeah, yeah