[Verse 1: Legacy]
Legaaa?!
Aw-aw-aw, hello bad bitch
Hello, hello, bad bitch
Sound like a nitch but the herb got a nigga too on that mellow swag shit
Like ooh yeah you cocky huh?
But I bet you can't take it like a Rocky Punch
Trynna get it in, get it in, get it in
Wanna let my stick hit it, Ms. Hockey Puck?
I'm hella throwed, you're hella throwed
I even got a big girl call that bitch my Jello bone
The way she blow you can't see my shit, got that Hellen Keller dome
You ever been to the space museum? well my dick just like that telescope!
Woo, damn, woo, damn, the pussy from my wish list
Stopped callin it kitty, 'casue them cats be on that fish shit
Ughh, she say she'll hit the team because it's worth it
She want many men, take them shots like Curtis bitch!

[Hook: Legacy]
This goes out to all the, bad bitches. where's ya cup?
I'm taking your girl I don't give a fuck
I don't care what they say (I don't care)
What they say (I don't care)
What they say (I don't care)
You about to leave yo man tonight
I swear, you'll be glad that I took you home
You about to leave yo man tonight
Now when I'm done you gon' tell him to leave you alone
You about to leave yo man tonight

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Okay I make her call me B-I
Bitch I'm on my B-I
All my bottles, they be knee-high
I rep G's down, I put tree high
I'm fresh out that fucking limo, & I'm everything but sober
Br-br-br-br-breaking out tree, & bagging it up like it's october
I walked in this bitch with a grip in my hand
I tell her I'm me, she jizzed in her pants
She shake it around & around & around
Her coochie's a plug, my stick is uhh dead
I found 20,000, she just found my dick..
(hahaha).. so I guess we both just hit a lick!
I tell her welcome, welcome, welcome to the good life
Heard you had a bad day? Well let's make it a good night
If they say we ain't BIG, we'll turn this to a Suge Knight
Let's swim in alcohol & hop up on that red eye kush flight
I'm Mr. Big, bitch. I do it, I do it
Boii, boii, boii

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ben J]
Now why yo girl all up on me like I'm John Doe
Hangin'out backstage, waitin' for a photo
Oh you dance? what you's in go-go? Well sure look nice to meet ya
Know yo dude fucking up, he can't handle yo model features
On a scale of 1 through 9
Sorry short, but you's a dime
Know yo man loss, I'm not gon' hesitate to make you mine
I'm 'bout to snatch you up!
Like a food market, time to bag her up
Because I only got one night, so we actin' up
When them girls get drunk we bring 'em up
So much sluts & it's so much fun
So much ass that I can't get back so I keep on going 'cuase I can't get enough
Lil mama where you going so much paper to be made
So much lyin' to be talked, my girl prefer to give me brain
I'm just sayin', I'm the same, yeah girl yo man frontin'
Fire flame, fire flame, fuck with us we all comin'

[Hook]