Yo yo this is the remix...
Ring ring..... hello.... shhhh....
Listen up... I gotta few words to tell you.....
It is 5 in the morning, I'm feelin kinda lonely
On top of that I'm horny, and I need u here with me
Did I mention I can't sleep? You're always in my dreams
Y si no estas conmigo I won't be feelin right
Today I met ur man just smiled and walked away
To know how soon his girl just might become my wife
And he's no competition, let me give u a reason
You know that you don't love him cuz he is not the one
You know he's kinda wack and that is so, so sad
To see how such a beauty is wasting all her time

Oooh

No, I know it ain't love. Lo que tu sientes se llama obsecion
Una illucion, that plays with your mind and makes you take action
When you're obsessed that's how it goes

Flossing jiggy in my Lexus, pase por tu colegio
Me informan que te fuiste, going crazy I ran lookin for you
Te busque y no te encontraba y eso me preocupaba
Para calmar mi ancia yo te queria llamar
But I didn't have ur digits, and ur girl just kept on dissin
And I know she must've liked me, me miraba con pasion
Baby, baby, I need your love stop ur frontin and give it up something is going wrong
Gonna be your Romeo

No, yo se que no es amor, what u're feelin for me(what is it... what is it?)
Se llama obsecon (rip my heart)
Una ilucion en tu pensamiento que te hace hacer cosas asi funciona el corazon

Judy no por favor, go tell your man that he gotta go
Cuz I'm the one that's gonna stay in control
And I wanna be ur man, I wanna feel ur butt, wanna feel ur breasts
I wanna be the first and last to take you to your bed

Yo Romeo lemme holla at this girl real quick
Holla
It is five in the morning pick up the phone im hollerin at this girl
Cuz I think her ass is out this world
I keep stressin but I gotta remember it's only an obsession and
Lemme just keep finnessing original gots my own style top reppin the crowd
Boy from up town hey yo this is the homie thanx to the incredible
Resumey plus I make it edible like something inside of u
5 in the mornin, I can't get no sleep, can't get no sleep and its all a dream
Mr jada
My combination of clothes timmidies I bust my gat but dont fall for dat
Show u...
How to cruise
With a dude as smoothe as inside my truck my four rides... ride wit me
We could make love anywhere just get high with me judy truly im worth
Few jenniens on the night can see me and doesnt exist so pooff
Lets get down now
Later we could reminisce this... this is the remix
Later we could reminisce this... this is the remix
Later we could reminisce this... this is the remix
Later we could reminisce this... this is the remix
Later we could reminisce this... this is the remix
Later we could reminisce this... this is the remix