[Intro: Nicki Minaj]
Yeah, you know it
Mmm, this the remix
Doja, rrr

[Chorus: Doja Cat & 
Nicki Minaj
]
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so (
Uh
)

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
Every time I take a break, the game be so boring
Pretty like Naomi, Cassie, plus Lauren
Spittin' like Weezy, Foxy, plus Lauryn
Ball like the Rams, see, now that's Gordon
They don't understand the bag talk, I'm foreign
When they think they top the queen, they start fallin'
Word to my ass-shots, I'm so cheeky
Got 'em tryna palm my ass like young Keke
Yes, I'm ghetto, word to Geppetto
Plus I'm little, where's my stiletto?
Tell Mike Jordan send me my Retros
Used to be bi, but now I'm just hetero
Ain't talkin' medicine, but I made him more a fiend
Ever since I put the cookie on quarantine
He know this thing A1 like a felony
All he gotta do is say the word like a spelling bee

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Doja Cat]
Let me check my chest, my breath right quick (Ha)
He ain't ever seen it in a dress like this (Ah)
He ain't ever even been impressed like this
Prolly why I got him quiet on the set like zip
Like it, love it, need it, bad
Take it, own it, steal it, fast
Boy, stop playing, grab my ass
Why you actin' like you shy? (Hot)
Shut it, save it, keep it pushin'
Why you beating 'round the bush?
Knowin' you want all this woman
Never knock it 'til you try (Yah, yah)
All of them bitches hating I have you with me
All of my niggas sayin' you mad committed
Realer than anybody you had, and pretty
All of the body-ody, the ass and titties

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so
Day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment
I'd let you had I known it, why don't you say so?
Didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with
You got to keep me focused; you want it? Say so

[Post-Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Yeah, you know it
Yeah, you know it
Yeah, you know it
Yeah, you know it

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
You coulda said so
Boy, you shoulda said so
Say so, say so
I got dressed just to sit in the house
People with the least always doin' the most
I'm countin' money while he suckin' my toes
Real nasty with them balls, all net, yeah, I'm gross
Why you talkin' 'bout who body fake?
With all them fillers in your face, you just full of hate
That real ass ain't keep your nigga home
Now you lookin' silly, that's word to silicone