[Intro: Lil Dicky & 
Fetty Wap
]
LD, AKA The Independent Variable
Trap God, and we servin' out the hallway

[Chorus: Fetty Wap]
Ayy, where the gold at, baby? (Fuck I need gold for man?)
Ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (Fuck I need clothes for man?)
Ayy, where the dough at, baby?
In the bank, you know I ain't tryna blow dat, baby
Ayy, we gon' save that money (I'm so thrifty)
Ayy, we gon' save that money (I'm so stingy)
Ayy, we gon' save that money
What we doin'? We gon' save dat money

[Verse 1: Lil Dicky & Fetty Wap]
The rap game got it all wrong
We ain't 'bout to go and spend money just to flex on 'em
We ain't really got it like y'all (Yeah, baby!)
I'm a type of motherfucker that'll check the check
Do the math, I ain't never gettin' robbed (No)
Those margaritas not goin' on my card (No)
I ain't 'bout to split a damn thing for convenience sake
I'm at the restaurant workin' that waitress
Hold up
You ain't heard of Lil Dave, Yung L the Jew biz major? (Ayy)
Fuck you know about the world he raised in? (Fuck)
I've been savin' money since a motherfucker 13
I wear the same pair of jeans every day (It's true)
Free sandwiches, homie, two stamps away (It's true)
Book flight December but I leave in May (I do)
Drugs are generic but still work the same
I get logins for Netflix from my cousin Greg
Thanks, Greg!

[Chorus: Fetty Wap]
Ayy, where the gold at, baby? (Yeah baby)
Ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (Yeah baby)
Ayy, where the dough at, baby?
In the bank, you know I ain't tryna blow that, baby
Ayy, we gon' save that money (Yeah, I'm so Jewish)
Ayy, we gon' save that money (Yeah, I'm so frugal)
Ayy, we gon' save that money (I'm so imprudent)
What we do? We gon' save that money

[Verse 2: Rich Homie Quan]
All of my luggage is Louis V, I swear to God, nigga
All of my bitches be scared of me, I put that rod in 'em
All of them bitches actin' thoughtless, I disregardin' them
All of them bitches actin' holy, ain't got no God in 'em
I can teach a lil' nigga somethin' like a preacher
I can take his ass to church fresh as hell, no Easter
I can make his ass burp like a baby without no hiccup
I could...

[Interlude: Lil Dicky]
Quan what's this have to do with saving money though?
You know what a full verse would have been too expensive anyways
I think

[Verse 3: Lil Dicky]
Trap, trap, trap
I ain't parkin' that unless the meter green, homie (Please)
Hair cut several months in-between, homie (Always)
Hit the mafuckin' lights when I leave, homie (YOLO)
Single ply TP, ass bleed
Airbnb the motherfuckin' lease, I'm never there
I'm out in Cali, why the fuck my company in Delaware?
At happy hour takin' out the chicken, I don't even care
And that applies to both dating and wings
Peep matinees, phone bill got the motherfuckin' fam on it (All the fam)
401K, rollin' over bands on it (Ayy)
Coppin' sweaters in the summer when the sale on 'em (I'm hot)
The fuck you rappers bragging 'bout? You overpaying for it

[Chorus: Fetty Wap]
Ayy, where the gold at, baby? (Yeah baby)
Ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (Yeah baby)
Ayy, where the dough at, baby?
In the bank, you know I ain't tryna blow that, baby
Ayy, we gon' save that money (Yeah, I'm judicious)
Ayy, we gon' save that money (Yeah, I'm cost-efficient)
Ayy, we gon' save that money (Yeah, I do it different)
What we do? We gon' save that money

[Verse 4: Lil Dicky]
I ain't never hit a bar with a cover (Never)
Low thread count, hard with the covers (Woo)
Free trial memberships, though
I never join the shiz though (Ayy)
Fuck you think this is though?
Frequent flying like a motherfuckin' finch though (Brr)
General Tso, half a dozen on the stick
Just so I can whet the appetite a bit
Whatchu talkin' 'bout?
My AC never doing nothing, blow fans though (Ayy)
Walgreens card shoppin' all the off brands, though (Ayy)
Boy go hard when collecting, got Venmo (Ayy)
Save every motherfuckin' roach, tryna smoke (Ayy)
Check the clothes in my drawers, I ain't playin' around
It's LD, lil boy, Mr. Hand-me-down
My dirty drawers gettin' worn, can you blame me now?
You think I got $4.50 up in quarters on me, well I fuckin' don't!

[Chorus: Fetty Wap]
Ayy, where the gold at, baby? (Yeah baby)
Ayy, where the clothes at, baby? (Yeah baby)
Ayy, where the dough at, baby?
In the bank, you know I ain't tryna blow that, baby
Ayy, we gon' save that money
 
(Yeah, 1738)
Ayy, we gon' save that money (Yeah, I'm a kike)
Ayy, we gon' save that money (Yeah, I eat figs)
What we do? We gon' save that money

[Bridge: Fetty Wap]
Every time these niggas tryna play
And lately, I've been stackin' up crazy
Stackin' up 'cause all about the bands, baby
800K underneath the bed baby, ayy

[Outro: Lil Dicky]
If you at a restaurant and got a iced coffee
And the waiter been refillin' that without a word of caution
And you get your fuckin' bill and you can see he double charged ya
For the coffee and you told 'em there's a problem, sing along like
Ohh, don't double charge me for that
Don't double charge me, we like
Ohh, don't double charge me for that
Don't do it to yourself
'Cause I might just ask what the ice cube's worth
What the ice cube's worth
That's the only differentiator making this a non-free perk
And I might make work more difficult for you than it need be (Brr)
So think about it, take a minute, let it breathe, B
But think about it, bruh, you saw me get the burger with the bacon on the side
After looking at the price of the side of just bacon
And comparing it to the what the difference in the cheeseburger
Versus the bacon cheeseburger was and making my decision
I would hate to be the waiter tryna tell me something different
I'ma get on Yelp in a minute and review
This piece of shit place like only a kike know how
Unless you take the extra coffee off I might get loud unless you...
Oh, it was just an accident?
You didn't even mean that
You didn't even... that was... that's... I'm so embarrassed