[Intro: Stunna 4 Vegas]
Bankroll Got It
 (You niggas is on some gangsta shit in this motherfucker)
On mami, this nigga 4X got rich in six months, you heard?
 (Huh, no cap)
It gotta be that Billion Dollar Baby shit
 (You know the fuck goin' on)
Nigga really got rich in six months, for real, I watched that shit with my own fuckin' eyes
Really three, but a nigga spend too goddamn much
Goddamn, this nigga get so much goddamn money, nigga, what the fuck?
 (Tellin' you)
Oh my God, I need a taste of the Rich Youngin
Okay (Okay), I'ma give her a taste of this shit (Uh)
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

[Chorus: Stunna 4 Vegas]
He got rich in six months, how he do that? (How he do that?)
I keep my foot on they neck, but y'all knew that (Y'all knew that)
We ain't goin', your shit'll get blew back (Bah)
Your ass get whooped, say it's smoke, we could do that (Ooh)
I break her neck, she like, "Who that?"
Your ho get took, these diamonds on me get your boo wet (Uh)
She ate the D like she knew me (Uh)
I'm the streets' hottest youngin, she already knew that (4X)

[Verse 1: Stunna 4 Vegas]
We'll put a bitch up like a throwback
Freak ho, she mix the Perc' with the Moët (Uh)
So many racks like I grow it (Racks)
Hit the stage, do my dance in this bitch like I'm Kodak (Uh)
Make 'em freeze like he took a Kodak picture (Freeze)
My lil' nigga move on 'em, I whistle
That bitch think I'm hot, sizzle
I'm a pit', she told me her nigga a Shih Tzu (Uh, uh)
I won't go back and forth with no rap nigga, I got business to tend to
Too many racks to count, lil' nigga, I'll flip you (Flip)
We fill him up with lead like a pencil (Brrt, brrt)
No diss, I'm tryna send a missile
I need M's, bitch, I'm on a mission (Cash)
I'm with my, I'm with my shooter, but I got a stick, too (Uh)
He up, then I'm uppin' this bitch 'til it click, too (Bah)

[Chorus: Stunna 4 Vegas]
He got rich in six months, how he do that? (How he do that?)
I keep my foot on they neck, but y'all knew that (Y'all knew that)
Goin', we ain't goin', your shit'll get blew back (Bah)
Your ass get whooped, say it's smoke, we could do that (Ooh)
I break her neck, she like, "Who that?"
Your ho get took, these diamonds on me get your boo wet (Uh)
She ate the D like she knew me (Uh)
I'm the streets' hottest youngin, she already knew that (4X)

[Verse 2: DaBaby]
I said, "We gon' call that boy Rich Youngin'" (Rich)
He got rich in six months, I can vouch (Let's go)
Okay, you done got slick at the mouth (Yeah)
That lil' bitch talkin' shit, kick her out (Like, bitch)
I made my young niggas do that, go pull up and post up a pic at your house (Cheese)
Make him tag BDB in the caption (Let's go)
Hit his ass with that stick, he come out (Okay)
I done went spent a whole lot of money with Johnny, I got a whole brick in my mouth (Yes, sir)
My bitch get the money, bitch, send the deposit if you want my bitch to come out (No cap)
They want fuck me, Big 4, and my DJ (Big 4)
Throw my shirt at a ho, it's on eBay
Windows down, the heat on on the freeway (Zoom)
I pull up with Rich Youngin, they holler that nigga

[Chorus: Stunna 4 Vegas & 
Lil Baby
]
Got rich in six months, how he do that? (How he do that?)
I keep my foot on they neck, but y'all knew that (Y'all knew that)
Goin', we ain't goin', your shit'll get blew back (Bah)
Your ass get whooped, say it's smoke, we could do that (Ooh)
I break her neck, she like, "Who that?"
Your ho get took, these diamonds on me get your boo wet (Uh)
She ate the D like she knew me (Uh)
I'm the streets' hottest youngin, she already knew that (4X, 
Baby
)

[Verse 3: Lil Baby]
It's Baby and Baby and 4X
I ran that lil' shit up in no time
Puttin' dick in your bitch if we lock eyes
I'm so hot, start a fire when I walk in
Hit her friend, I ain't stop when she walk in (Nat)
I can drop every month and go top ten
Make her do what I say, let her get what she want
Bitch, you better shut up when I'm talkin' (Shut up)
Lot of cars, how the fuck I miss walkin'? (Nah)
I drop hit after hit, I don't miss (Never)
'Posed to be somewhere servin' in one of them houses with pounds, how the fuck I get rich?
Who the hell said that life was a bitch?
I got too many bitches, but one life to live
Fuck how they feel
If we got a problem, that money'll solve it
My dollars and followers match
I really started from scratch
Pistol and pack, now I get millions to rap
Influence the youngins to trap
Put my whole hood on the map, first the water was tap
Now a jet for a nap, now the motor the back
Meet promoter with racks, keep her head in my lap
And my hand on the strap, ain't no dyke shit
On that Chief Keef, "I Don't Like" shit