[Intro: JAY-Z]
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on all white, no socks
(Ha-ya, ha-ya)
My nigga got that cocaina on today
That's how he feel, turn my vocal up (Ha-ya)
That's how you feel, Emory? (Ha-ya)
Turn my vocal up some more
Turn my vocal up, Guru! (Ha-ya)
Turn the music up too (Ha-ya-ya-ya)

[Verse 1: JAY-Z & Beyoncé]
Super Bowl goals
My wife in the crib feedin' the kids liquid gold
We in a whole different mode
The kid that used to pitch bricks can't be pigeonholed
I cooked up more chicken when the kitchen closed
Uh, we gon' reach a billi' first
I told my wife the spiritual shit really work
Alhamdulillah, I run through 'em all
Hovi's home, all these phonies come to a halt
All this old talk left me confused
You'd rather be old rich me or new you?
And old niggas, y'all stop actin' brand new
Like 2Pac ain't have a nose ring too, huh
Nobody wins when the family feuds
But my stash can't fit into Steve Harvey's suit
I'm clear why I'm here, how about you?
Ain't no such thing as an ugly billionaire, I'm cute
(Mmmmm) Pretty much
If anybody gettin' handsome checks, it should be us
Fuck rap, crack cocaine
Nah, we did that, Black-owned things
Hundred percent Black-owned champagne
And we merrily merrily eatin' off these streams
Y'all still drinkin' Perrier-Jouët, hah
But we ain't get through to you yet, uh
What's better than one billionaire? Two (two)
'Specially if they're from the same hue as you
Y'all stop me when I stop tellin' the truth

[Interlude: JAY-Z & Beyoncé]
Hahahaha (Ha-ya)
I would say I'm the realest nigga rappin' (Ha-ya)
But that ain't even a statement (Ha-ya)
That's like sayin' I'm the tallest midget (Ha-ya)
Wait, that ain't politically correct, forget it (Ha-ya)
Can I get "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Can I get a "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Ha-ya-ya-ya

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
Yeah, I'll fuck up a good thing if you let me
Let me alone, Becky
A man that don't take care his family can't be rich
I'll watch Godfather, I miss that whole shit
My consciousness was Michael's common sense
I missed the karma that came as a consequence
Niggas bustin' off through the curtains 'cause she hurtin'
Kay losin' the babies 'cause their future's uncertain
Nobody wins when the family feuds
We all screwed 'cause we never had the tools
I'm tryna fix you
I'm tryna get these niggas with no stripes to be official
Y'all think small, I think Biggie
Y'all whole pass is in danger, ten Mississippi
Al Sharpton in the mirror takin' selfies
How is him or Pill Cosby s'posed to help me?
Old niggas never accepted me
New niggas is the reason I stopped drinkin' Dos Equis
We all lose when the family feuds
What's better than one billionaire? Two

[Interlude: JAY-Z]
Hahahah
I'll be damned if I drink some Belvedere while Puff got CÎROC
Y'all need to stop

[Outro: Beyoncé]
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
Ha-ya-ya-ya
Ha-ya, ha-ya
Love me like, love
Yeah yeah yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah