[Intro]
Bitch, fuck! (Uh, uh, fuck)
You have a question?

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
How many cars can I buy 'til I run outta drive?
How much drive can I have until I run outta road?
How much road can they pave until I run outta land?
How much land can it be until I run in the ocean?
Niggas go with the motions and all the plans
See, I was never into the beaches and all the sands
See, I was in the woods with flowers, rainbows, and posies
Fallin' outta my pocket, but y'all want to know if I swam to cool down
How much cooler can I get until I run out of fans?
How many fans can I have until they turn on the AC?
If the AC blow up, then I'm TNT, I'm gone

[Bridge: Rex Orange County]
I'm gone and I'm finished
And I ain't seen my friends in a minute
Guessing nothing lasts forever
Yeah, nothing lasts forever
Nothing sticks together
Sick of sitting in doubt
Please let me figure this out

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Shout out to the girls that I led on
For occasional head and always keepin' my bed warm
And tryin' their hardest to keep my head on straight
And keepin' me up enough 'til I had thought I was airborne
How many raps can I write 'til I get me a chain?
How many chains can I wear 'til I'm considered a slave?
How many slaves can it be 'til Nat Turner arise?
How many riots can it be until them Black lives matter?
Niggas click-clack splatter, (Pew) pew that nigga
Life a game of basketball, you better shoot that nigga
'Cause if that cop got trigger, he better pull
'Cause when I get pulled over, I usually play it cool
'Cause I know what I'm drivin' is usually paid in full
And my ego and possessions, will not let me be one (Nah)
Because I got a mansion, my mansion got some rooms
Them rooms got some windows and my windows got some views
Them views get some stares and my backyard does too
And if you walk to the bottom you'll prolly see a pool
You better not drown, keep them ten toes up
'Cause if them ten toes down, that mean that you fucked up
And that's what I swim in

[Outro: Rex Orange County]
And if I drown and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I crash and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I fall and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
I'm wondering if I don't come back
Maybe then I'll know
Don't come back
Don't come back
Ayy, don't come back
Don't come back
No, no