After the joy, half laughter the book
Of the kids favorite motherfucking chapter
No need to be a actor (cover up with quilt)
So the fat nigga could drink my motherfucking milk
I wan't some gold bapes I want a prom date
Sloppy ass musty bitch, that's overweight
I wan't a new piano,record deal, new pills, therapist
I'm pissed (Somebody give me a hug)
Jingle balls and I'm fucking Mrs. Clause
Have her climbing up the wall, while he givin' ya'll gifts
He ain't never gave me shit
My mom bought the wrapping, and the shit that influenced
Me to start rapping. It's not a joke, chilling with the Polar Bear
That used to work for coke, santa's sniffin' coke
My Santa Letter Wrote
Fuck you, whiney Malcolm X movie, try me
And I'm stealing Harry Potter's Cloak

Middle East was his birthday, 25th I'd rather get gifts
So why the fuck would I go out my way to celebrate birthday
I'm selfish what the fuck I look like buying a gift
Hide em, bed under the couch
Rad kid done smashed they motherfucking ginger house
And Jesus don't know me, he ain't my homie
Our friendship sits on a self
Santa go and molest an elf

Prancer, Jingle, Rudolf
Drunk driving at night, a peppermint Smirnoff
Santa little buzz, and forgot to switch gears off
My childhood is here, never ever ever smirnoff
Snowman robbing little girl, boys, for toys
And G.I. Joes, and here his fat ass go on my roof
Like Ho Ho (Ho Ho Ho)

Christmas tree's green, and this time of year clean
Make me wanna go and do things (like)
Nigga's in a tinsel, sleighbell blow whistle
Alana, Raquel, hope ya'll under the missle-toe
The house is decorated, and man I'm frustrated
Cause' I didn't get shit that I really wanted
New Years zoom like a mother fucking Mazda
But at the end I wanna' know what the fuck is Kwanzaa?

(What is it? Nobody Knows...Nobody Knows
Anybody?)
(O.F.M Banging on your FM.)

Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays
Fuck It, I'm still a kid
Bout' to go have a snowball fight
In the middle of LA
Steal some Christmas trees, set em' on fire
Eat some gingerbread cookies
Shit, I don't know
It's the time to enjoy life
You Know?
Happy Holidays from us at Odd Future
And, Fuck you. Fuck You. Fuck You