[Produced by Da Internz]

[Intro: 
MILF
]
Oh! Oh!
You are just what the doctor ordered
Ooh, look at there!
I heard you was a pleaser, and baby - oh shit!

[Hook: Children]
Man, not my mama; man, not my mama
Man, not my mama; quit messin with my mama

[Verse 1: Big Sean & 
MILF
]
I love me some of yo mama, 
(oh!)
 true that (true that)
Don't call me daddy, only she can do that
Ok, me and yo mama be fuckin (yup)
Boy you don't know nothin' about that
You seen her lookin all mad (mad) ain't it time for ya nap?
You wake up, I'm back (back) eating up all your snacks (hah)
Don't ask for help with your math (stupid)
Ain't my fault, you can't add
Don't be out here fake crying, lying (boi)
Up in the keyhole straight spying
Only knock the door if you're dying
I wish I could stay in here forever (I love it)
You the only reason me and your mama ain't together (lil bitch)
She's so much better than my old bitch
Man, I love that old bitch, I do
Oh! This feels so nice, oh shit!

[Pre-Hook: Big Sean]
No stress, no drama
Her kids hatin, they know I fucked their mama

[Hook: Children & (Big Sean)]
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama, yup)
Quit messin with my mama
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Quit messin with my mama

[Verse 2: Big Sean & 
MILF
]
The way she bounce both cheekies, boy she freaky (freaky)
Shoulda known she was kinky
When I walked inside the room and I seen that slinky (what the fuck)
Even made me use my pinky, the way she teach me
It's just so dreamy, oh God, damn, man
I cheat on tests, cheat on hoes, I cheat when I can (I do)
I'm even cheating on my whip, I got a side Benz (I do)
But she made me wanna cut off all my side friends (I love you, baby)
A nigga be tryna chase her, take her, date rape her
Stand out the daycare sit there and wait there
Fuck, I can't even trust the neighbors, damn
(What you lookin at?) You niggas stick to your young hoes
I got a freak that wash, dry, and fold clothes (that's right)
Lil motherfuckers (Yeah, that's right)
Ooh this great, big, enormous motherfucker!
Oh! Just let me, oh! Let me jockey this dick!

[Pre-Hook: Big Sean]
No stress, no drama
Her kids hatin, they know I fucked their mama

[Hook: Children & (Big Sean)]
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama, yup)
Quit messin with my mama
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Man not my mama (I love ya mama)
Quit messin with my mama

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
I got my welfare check, smokin on that crack
Hell yeah I'm unemployed, baby daddy down my back
Now what you got for me Sean? I heard it's big and it's long
I take my teeth out, suck it good, this where your dick belong
Y-Y-Yeeeaah, do it like dat daddy
Pump pump bump bump it in my ass-matic
You ain't tell me you was big-boned
(Mom, I'm hungry) Shut your mouth, you little bastards go on
(All this ass is for you Seany.. can I call you Seany?)
Sl-Sl-Sl-Sl-Slap me in my face with it, 
get a crack valve with that bass in it
If I got weed then I'm lacing it, eat all this ass, quit tasting it nigga

[Hook: Children]
Man not my mama, man not my mama
Man not my mama, quit messin with my mama
Man not my mama, man not my mama
Man not my mama; quit messin with my mama

[Verse 4: Juicy J]
High as a motherfucker (trippy)
Fuckin' e'rybody mama...
I got yo mama all in my line (line), bullets all in my 9 (9)
Rollie tell the time, she ain't yours, she ain't mine
Throw a hundred every time, 
I think my coupe just lost its mind (mind)
Put yo mama on that trippy shit, sippin lean, snorting lines (she high)
Overseas like "bonjour"
, 
last ten years I've been on tour
And I still got that old money, I touch more green than a lawnmower
With a ratchet bitch (bitch), you laid up (stupid ass)
I'm on my tour bus fucking mamas getting paid up
I take that bitch to my mansion (mansion) and a nigga can't pay her to leave (leave)
Yo mama a great head doctor (groupie), with no PhD (groupie)
My pockets stuffed with dough, I made it all in the streets
I might just go to the club, and throw it all on a freak
Yo mama, ratchet ass bitch

[Outro: MILF]
Baby, oooooh, can you feel what I feel? OH shit!
I hope you brought your boots and shoes, cuz motherfucker
I'm gonna be here a while