Aye real talk like don't even try to come around me and shit like you fuck with me. That shit really fake love you know what I'm saying. Im not fucking with it. Shake my hand lookin off and shit nigga look me in my eyes. You know what I'm talking bout The gangsta way nigga only

I'm from the streets so I'm cautious (cautious)
Some of my old niggas crossed me (wooh)
Im like damn you done lost me (damn hol up)
30 round make em back up off me
Shit they say love ain't love shit (nah)
Really starting to hate love (hate it)
Fuck with me for beneficial reasons (whats that?)
That's that shit you call fake love
Lil bitch lucky (bitch)
Now my ex bitch wanna fuck me (bitch)
Now my side bitch trynna buck me (hol up)
Hoe tried to bash me like I'm nothing (damn)
I got rappers trynna diss me
Family members in hey feelings (damn)
I might come through like Im Weezy (what? skr skr skr skr)
In a drop no ceilings
Yea don't what you heard Im straight in appearance
So quit all that joking lil nigga (stop all that shit lil nigga)
This ain't no Friday come in like Worm
Pull up and smoke me a nigga (pull up and smoke me a nigga)
I went and got me some money that's mandatory (mandatory)
I grabbed the 40 it wasn't handed to me (nah)
Just counted 200 I feel important (wooh)
I don't start shit I finish stories (I do that)
I got all these niggas hatin (all of em)
Bitches that dissed me trynna date me (wooh)
I heard my nigga wanna ace me (why?)
Just cause his bitch trynna face me (uh uh uh)
Damn, feds trynna case me
Tied me to murders trynna lace me
Percs got me paranoid, pacing (walkin back and forth)
I hit the cup just to chase it
I got em feeling some type of way (why?)
They get on Twitter and type away
They just get bodied on getaway
41 I got the bigger face (the bigger roley)
Already knew they was finna hate
But guess how much money Im bouta make (how much?)
Guess how much money I just spent (how much nigga?)
Add it up grab a pen (ok lets get it)
See my charm like 40 (wooh)
Then my wrist like 50 (big money)
Double rings got me nifty (nice)
In the middle of Memphis at the Hilton (right now)
Same bitch said im ugly (what?)
Now she MCM crushin (man crush Monday)
I just broke a head I was rushin (that don't matter there)
Crushin bars in the slushy (I’m a junky)
You just a nigga I used to fuck with
Ion fuck with you nomore
These niggas thought I was gone until I hopped out the Mazi like Im Bobo
Ill never tell the popo. Pull up on em solo yelling out yolo
Austin P I got the mojo
Ice Tea swag bitch look like CoCoa
Hundred thousand in cash on me
Im in the Yo with the bag on me
Im in the Yo with the mag on me
You niggas done turned into fags on me
I feel its necessary that I kill em
Im rockin zippers like I played in Thriller
Plus I got codeine on my liver
Plus I got OG in my system
I got red bottoms I got real Gucci rockin Faragamo in December
I’ll still buss a move in a rental
Pull up in crack his head down the middle
My downfall what they wishin
I know they don't like a nigga
So when I make it to the red carpet ima be on that bitch with my hittas
She say she love me cause im genuine
Well where were you when I was feeling it
Well where were you when I was dealing it
Didn't have a ride I was stealing it
These niggas easy like Sunday morning
I get my dick sucked before performances
I got the hiccups that's why I'm jumpin
I see the future im just being honest
Had money before CMG (ask Randolph ask em)
I'm cold enough cut the fan off
You got yo niggas and I got my niggas. Lets meet up and have a standoff
Fuck all that love. It ain't nomo love
Ran off on the plug. Now I got the jug
So many blue hundreds they think that im Cuz
Im countin that shit up
You better not budge

No love bitch. That's just how I'm feeling real talk. Aye don't even try to, you know what Im sayin, come around you know what Im sayin like you really fuck with me you know what Im sayin. That shit fake. And you know that