[Intro: Brian J. Lucas]
The COLONY presents...

[Verse 1: Brian J. Lucas]
Swallow some cinnamon and choke on a battery
Barely rapping on every rapper like I'm under a Christmas tree
Afterwards I just verbally murder anything randomly
Rest in peace... leave the whole neighborhood wondering "who is he?"
Just that young, trill nigga going hard as they used to be
Usually spitting rhythms, get the nation so used to me
Usually spitting rhymes, and boy I injure my arteries
Foolish fiend, off of cannabis and 22 senzu beans
Sorry, I'm tweaking, met a girl for the evening
Add some flavor to music. Savor on all the seasoning
Listen between the lines and find another hidden meaning
Believing raps are getting old; your hairlines receding
Check the creed. Now everybody wanna Edward glisten
But clearly my mission's to leave most of these niggas pissed and
Ballin like Pistons, most of these niggas is hairline tripping
I hang with white people, they can barely tell the difference
And I cut my hair for my ex
She dumped me like, 3 days later, left me painfully stressed
With an ache in my chest, head full of these thoughts. I digress
Now instead of a heart, I strapped a C-4 to the chest (BOOM)
Blowing up, I told ya... So what, you want some?
She left because I loved her, so now Lucas ain't gone love none
Probably just tweaking, cuz I ain't get her consideration
Probably coulda fixed it, but my wrench said he ain't wanna take it
So, what now? A couple raps to see man?
Got some bars from CA, got more game than EA
Let me get Jhene Aiko on my iPhone
And maybe we could roll one and get high as the Eiffel
Make my way out west, lost story of Fidel
Who's an idol? Body y'all like funeral titles
Get your bibles, from that town with church night revivals?
I’m from that place where they pushed keys like piano recitals
Still got depression. Still get to workin’
Fuck the game with the tip in. David’s a half way virgin
Still rockin’ the same guitar pick Sana gave me
The COLONY is probably here to save me. Jay

[Verse 2: A.y.D]
Tongue like that gun firepower
Spit fire like I'm Bowser, lyrical tight rope rapper
These Spidey niggas shooting strings
Nah fuck that, Spiderman my childhood dream. You ain't good enough
Have you hanging on the edge of these words like a high fein or hyphen
Listen to my lyrics and read its fine print
Contract like a muscle 'fore the right hook comes in
But no need for one so all you hear is the crew chirping
Going off these double meanings transvestite cuming
Kill the lyrical flow stabbing water with a belly flop
Ya nigga ain't subtle
Pussy niggas get up on this game and wanna cuddle
Got game for a reason you ride bench I'm in the huddle
Come on. hop on my cockpit marvel at my rocket
And we'll both blast off to the music in a bus shuttle
Eating up and tearing through a gato
But my girl Spanish so it's like eating up a taco
“Enough stereotypes you racist hypocritical bastard”
I'm sorry I got so much to say cause they never wanted to listen
Now I'm just trying to give you my message like a carrier pigeon
My lyrics going through the airwaves
Flowing with wherever the air takes
Like smoke in the sky I'm just chilling in the vapes
Like a straight alien in a crowd of gays
I stand out no homo sapiens. Oh no, the meanings just tripled
Meaning that with each analogy my mind is crippled
And it slowly grows that river flow is disturbed by ripples
Turn that g spot into G Shock
Leave her missing my touch wrist lock
MFS dead now we're left with I-RiZz and friends
But penny for my thoughts so, Brian, no one asked for your two cents
And from that interjection life ain't been the same since
And with green you gain a heightened 7th sense
Like that 7 up fizz, or my jizz on your girls tits
Oh shit did I slip? Nah just the head tip
Wrap your fingers around my dick to get a grip on my bandwidth
But only half cause she so shallow the rest won't fit without help from the team....
But that's none of my business, just sippin on my tea
Banging like that head board with hipsters getting it to skrillex
Cause we bangarang the batarang while Bruce Wayne saves Gotham yet again from the criminally insane
Arkham Asylum
My mind is climbing scaling the walls ‘til it hears Wale’s calls through that lotus flower bomb
Thrown by Earl's centurion [?] Okay, I keep messin’ up

[Verse 3: Epiphany]
When I step on set, you niggas get set I’m passing
Peace to homies in the trashcan
Now I’m Lawrence Kasdan, penning a gremlin as wide as the Penin Peninsula
Hyperspace past the race and class, it’s insular
Hoping the sick lyrics influenza ya
Slaughtering whatever you and your silly crew meant to ya
Mac is lagging I'm the dragon enter the
Labyrinth, I'm eating tamarind
Now I snatch the pin out the grenade, blow you Grayson Kincaid
Pension ‘bout to be paid, cut you with the first spade
Sorry jics to the grave, niggas betta behave
Tripping cuz they seen me operating like Sade
Grinning cuz I got the fly women on my trimmings
Tripping cuz I got the high hymns in my innards
Pushing past the circle where the hurdle was forgiven
Cutting like katana, then I'm squeezing in the lemon
Sweaty niggas nodding their heads up in the basement
Painting Frescoes, you suckas is simply tracing
Lacing all your verses with the fakeness
But I cased my bars in old jars like Mason
Staple the law of spitting raw on my forehead
Shooting like stars cuz I got bars cuz that their more fed
Than these skinny pretty nickels on Slauson or English
Got that look like they rocking the palsy or fiendish
I’m making fans when I screen this, This is just the pre-viz
Maesso is the meanest, Epiphany’s the cleanest
Drinking on that pollen bee
Chilling on the farm doing harm with my colony
Two stepping on your frontal lobe is where Imma be
Born in the hood but now I’m game to the finer things
Putting that bombast twist on that compact disc
On my 3.9. Can't have my contract risked
Rocking jade on my wrist, Got the game in my fist
And I'm spitting Ivory with a Bangkok twist
And now the black of the track is staining my sneakers
I'm spitting these Decibels busting vesicles through speakers
In the darkroom juxtaposed rows of features
Bust the highest gross double thumbs up from Siskel and Ebert

[Verse 4: I-RiZz]
Okay… aye, aye, aye
I got one girl jumpin’, One girl elastic
The other one is clappin’ upstairs while I'm rappin’
Lord knows how this happened, we was just chillin’
And now we on the stand like some villains beat killin’
But, anyways back to the curious cat
Stay away from Harris Teeter where them fat girls at
They say throw a dog bone, almost caught ‘em a slap
She was begging so hard I almost bought her a snack
Listen sunny, money coming while I’m humming
Cunning honey want it from me, started gunning now she running
Stomach jutting from some pudding do not blame me blame the vacay
Keep the violence simple vowel consonant, A K
Colony, period, settlers delirious
Cause they don’t know what they gonna hear when they hearin’ us
Who dat? Shining like a nuggat
Found up in a river you protectin with your new gat
Homie, use your nugget, I'm saying think better
Till then you fallin in a trap, fake cheddar
Vendetta, trendsetter. Forget ‘em after one week
Words so hard leave one weak. Weak

[Interlude: I-RiZz]
Now you weak fool!

[Verse 5: RNL Bleach]
“How you gonna be the greatest?
Your flow is below the basement, like these white bitches, you’re basic
Wake up, it’s time to face it” Yeah man, I hear y’all hating
I’m doing it while y’all just saying. Spazzing out the lyrics or spraying
You’ll hate til I make it
“Yeah boy, but it’s like Shaq outta the paint. The odds are against you
So don’t think that they ain’t
So tell me Picasso, what picture you gonna paint?”
Mind and body of a sinner, but the heart of a saint
Bringing you the fear of the Wooshi finger hold
So you better pray I don’t flex my pinky
Watch your girl cuz she’s about to Retweet me
Figured I can’t drop out, cuz now they need me
I’ve eaten a hundred rappers, still hungry so feed me
Let’s be honest, I wouldn’t be here without the Beasties
Eat pussy three meals a day, so on these rappers I’m feasting
Your chick bump me, but to her you’re nothing but some bee stings
Bump you I make good music, no Yeezus
I just feel it because I am earless
If y’all got the juice of this Haterade, everyone looking like he got it made
You’re on iTunes, but your subject is shitty
You’re better than me, c’mon who are you kidding?
Shots fired bang, bang, so who am I shooting?
Get off the mic, wait… Who are they boo’ing?

[Verse 6: Timothy Eugenius]
Uh, I said
It's Tim or Eugenius, homie
Only here for two reasons
Spread the word of God and leave you dudes speechless
Regardless, in the end, T wins like two fetus
It'll hit you on tomorrow morning
The pool of talented rappers is baron, Charlotte Hornets
Movin' up or fallin' forward
First class citizen, push a second hand whip
To the gas station, it's my third time visiting this week
The four of us hitting Sheetz
Affordable fizzy drinks, just my luck
Five bucks for a six pack of 7up
Ate wings and watch the Niners do a ten-set-hut
Ripping them trunks up off of elephants
No sir, I'm not perfect, viewer’s discretion
Hors d'oeuvres, I got served like I knew me a Jenner
Kindly kindle my fire, don't get bruised with these metals
Disputes that we settle, Manu y mano
You gotta be ready when Popovich calls you
Royal-T, I'm a king, Stojakovic ballin'
Eugene, I'm a brain with Arthur and all them
Procrastination is part of the process
Elasticatin' all parts of your conscious
Mr. Fantasticate the minds of the youngins
Not passin' notes but rollin' em, Puffin on stramonium
Y'all are too lax, put Ginobili in
I Bi-Wan with the force, they done let O. Kenobi in
Known locally as the only holy one
But most certainly bad, just ask my homies, huh?
Your hit track is cheesy, you spit facts? Bologna
It's matrimony, see
I been rap since oldies, the kid that was hungry
To Tim at Coloney, Colony

C-O-L-O-N-Y. I ain’t even try

[Outro: I-RiZz]
Now you weak, fool!