[Verse 1]
Come roll with a nigga, get high with a nigga
Count stacks with a nigga, fuck hoes with a nigga
Back in high school we used to trade clothes with my niggas
Back when Iceberg and Girbaud
Was like the wardrobe for the killers, we pose for the pictures
Stunting on hoes, I stunt with my bros
Real go-getters, I swear being broke didn't fit us
Like new T-shirts, new jeans, new hats
You know, spending gas money on everything except gas
Spending my last on the shit that won't last
Back when 20 dollars would impress that ass
A movie and popcorn and caress that ass
Overdress to undress that ass, god bless that ass
It was me and my dawgs, summer on summer
Riding around like we dumber on dumber
Whipping that Toyota like it's a Hummer
What happened to those days? I really do wonder
When all I did was safe sex, latex
The first time I slipped up, wished I had a homemade AIDS test fuck
But I ain't flunk once
Back before I got drunk once
I was smoking on haze, all in a daze
My homies would call and say, "nigga, come roll"

[Break 1]
The D grown us to get it man. You know what I’m mean? Just hustle, hustle, hustle. They, you know we, you know, there really wasn’t that much opportunity for us, man. So, we just had to let our nuts hang and just, shit, boss up and, and learn the game

[Verse 2]
Man, I'm straight up off the 7 Mile, they call that the better mile
Tryna get a house up in the woods off on 11 Mile, bet it now
One time for the D,
 
Girls that hold me down Corretta style
Free Juan, let him out
And everything I want off in the world is a must-have
I realised that at the bus stop with a bus pass thinking "fuck rap"
Cause there's niggas in the streets
Getting money under my nose that I must stash
I've seen people get murked who ain't deserved that shit
Cops should've protect-and-served and shit
But still pull me over, disrespect and search my shit
Ask "why the attitude?" cause bitch, you deserve that shit
Bang bang bang, how do you maintain
A sane brain and mind in a city of AKs and K9s?
When only language they know English and gang signs
Fuck it all though, I'm repping till the world blow, come roll

[Break 2]
Well shit, I’m just, you know, I’m proud of lil' bro man. That nigga listened and he was able to stay focused man and through all the adversity man and through all the hood politics. But he seen it, he was with it, he was on it, you know? I mean like I say the Linwood man, shit that’s what we know the city man, that’s for the city man all fucking day

[Outro]
Sean, it's good to be home, isn't it?