[Intro: Omarion]
Omarion (hey!)
And yo chick (tell you what)
Yo chick
(Mustard on the beat, ho)
Remix!

[Verse 1: Omarion]
Pull up to the club and it go up (go up)
Make your girl fall in love when I show up (whoop! Whoop!)
It's not my fault she want to know me (hey!)
She told me you was just a homie

[Break: Omarion]
Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up
I said, this is the remix
Let's go!

[Verse 1: Dej Loaf]
If yo nigga come close to me
I'ma make him eat this pussy appropriately
Like hmm, cheerios la-la
Put that Foxy Brown in his face, ill na na (uh, uh)
Fuck the rumors, got the hoes with me
I'm a pimp by blood, it ain't no coaching me
Who? Yeah, they know it's me
He a rapper but I make that nigga sing to me (oh, woah)
Like oh, I'm here, this is my year
I ain't going back, my old life is done (I ain't going back)
Boss: a name I call myself
Slap a pussy nigga talking out of tongue (what up?)
Yeah, yeah, that's how it goes with me (yeah, yeah)
I just got a check up
And ain't no hoe with me (ain't no hoe in my blood)
VIP bottles over D
On the couch got 'em all throwin' fours with me (hold up)
Hoes up, hoes down, all I gotta do is smile (hey)
You ain't want me back then, but I bet you want me now
Body going crazy, he want me to have his child
Fucking with them hoes, yeah, I heard you get around
Whisper him in the ear, tell him, "I want it now"
He said, "Stop talking all that freaky shit
Ain't tryna get aroused" (yeah)
That's how it's post to be, yeah
That's how it's post to be, yeah, woah

[Chorus: Omarion & Chris Brown]
If your chick come close to me
She ain't going home when she post to be (oh yeah)
I'm getting money like I'm post to be (yeah, yeah)
I'm getting money like I'm post to be
Ooh, all my niggas close to me
And all them other niggas where they post to be
Ooh, the hoes go for me
Have your chick send a pic like pose for me
Ooh, that's how it post to be
Ooh, yeah, that's how it post to be
Ooh, yeah, that's how it post to be
Ooh, everything good like it post to be

[Verse 2: Trey Songz & Jhené Aiko]
They about to take your phone, just see (yup!)
I don't need no hoes exposin' me (nah)
Ain't another nigga cold as me (yup!)
Ain't another nigga cold as me (cold as me, woo!)
And I'm living like a movie (woo!)
Pretty women in the jacuzzi (woo!)
The way she kissing on her friend, do she even like men?
My nigga she could have fooled me
I be tryna chill, stay tight (yea)
But they all want some, can you blame 'em? (Can you blame 'em?)
Want their walls decorated, rearranged
'Cause a nigga handsome, wealthy, famous
Who gives a fuck what they say, he say, she say?
Hey Trey, ain't ya hear Jhené say (what?)
But he gotta eat the booty like groceries (whoop!)
You know how wild I be
Had that pussy like, "Clean up on aisle 3"
Had that pussy like, "Slow down, whoa now, please" (please)
Every time I go down, go down like sheesh (I make 'em do it!)
They know my name, I ain't even gotta say it (oh)
Put it to rest every time a nigga lay (woah)
Ain't another nigga cold as me
Butt, butt, butt naked is what you're post to be

[Verse 3: Ty Dolla $ign]
AMG kit on the Benz (skrrt)
You got home girls, I got friends (yeah)
Y'all should all come to the house
Get all topless then let's go swimming (splash)
I just made a million like it's post to be (post to be)
That's just the beginning like it's post to be (oh yeah)
Pocket rockets stay real close to me (bang, bang)
And a new bitch stay close to me (oh)
Oh, she a hoe to me (hoe to me)
We don't love hoes, how it's post to be
Ooh she did some blow off me (post to be, yeah)
Told her I don't fuck around, I just blow the tree
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah (Dolla $ign)

[Chorus: Omarion, Chris Brown, (Ty Dolla $ign) & Rick Ross]
If your chick come close to me
She ain't going home when she post to be (oh yeah) (Dolla $ign)
I'm getting money like I'm post to be (yeah, yeah)
I'm getting money like I'm post to be (oh)
Ooh, all my niggas close to me
And all them other niggas where they post to be (post to be)
Ooh, the hoes go for me (yeah)
Have your chick send a pic like pose for me (oh, no, no)
Ooh, that's how it post to be
Ooh, yeah, that's how it post to be (rollin' 6, ladies, put your hands in the sky right now)
Ooh, yeah, that's how it post to be (it's the boss)
Ooh, everything good like it post to be

[Verse 4: Rick Ross]
Dead or alive, sayin' boss top 5 (ugh!)
Let my top down just to throw the rock sign (woo!)
Not Jigga, Jay Dilla and the Pharcyde (what?)
I'm the realest, disagreeing with a Glock 9 (damn)
But fuckin' with us, so he had to get the Benz truck (woah)
Cutting corners, lil nigga fuck your rims up (yeah)
She can't fuck with me, she say she rock with Wale (haha)
Double M we throw them alley oops, that's all day (swish)
Westside, it's going down at the Polo Lounge (ugh!)
Half pound for my rounds just to go around (woo!)
Copy paste, tweez niggas even 'bout that slang
Black bottle in the sky, free Gucci Mane (woo!)

[Chorus: Omarion, Jhené Aiko & (Ty Dolla $ign)]
Ooh, if your chick come close to me
Ooh,, she ain't going home when she post to be, oh, yeah
I'm getting money like I'm post to be (oh yeah)
I'm getting money like I'm post to be, getting money
Ooh, all my niggas close to me, yeah
And all them other niggas where they post to be, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah