[Intro: JT]
Yeah (
Turn me up, YC
)
JT

[Verse 1: JT]
Uh, fuck nigga, I don't wanna hear it (Nah)
Ain't talkin' the bag, I cover my ears
I hop in the Lamb', I'm switchin' the gears (Skrrt)
My bitches is ballin', make these niggas cheer
Audemars Piguets with the crushed face (Ice, ice)
I leave a bitch mad with the stuck face (Ha)
Who the fuck y'all hoes playin' wit' anyways? (What?)
City Girls make 'em wish like Ray J (Let me talk to 'em)
All these niggas wanna fuck JT (They do)
Hellcat, this a SRT (Skrrt, skrrt)
Pull up, G-Wag' 63 (Ow)
Make a 55 suck they teeth
He want a Minaj with a new body (Ow)
Man, you niggas can't fuck with me
'Cause I camе from the bottom (Yeah)
From the fеds to the charter (Yeah)
Broke bitches ain't sayin' a thing, period (Yeah)

[Verse 2: DaBaby]
I tell her, "Shut the fuck up," when I hit it
Fucked up her hair, she just did it (Go)
I'm really fuckin' 'round with his lil' boo on the low (Ooh)
What the fuck buddy said? I couldn't hear 'em (Shut up, lil' nigga)
I keep the head while I drive, almost fucked up my ride (Skrrt)
Had a hand full of hair while I'm steerin' (I'm serious)
She rippin' off my Amiris
She love to give head, she pull up on her period (Period)
I thought somebody said, "That's your wifey, dawg" (Huh?)
Fuck everybody, don't like 'em all (Go)
His bitch love me 'cause I fuck like a dog (Woof)
I got this shit on, nigga, wipe me off (Yeah)
I hop out the backseat just like a boss (Ooh)
I two-toned the Maybach, my seats Ronald Reagan
It came with a pillow, I came from the pavement
Thought somebody said I ain't made it (Go)

[Chorus: Moneybagg Yo]
Huh? (What?)
Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit but they still ain't sayin' nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy ho said somethin' (Ah)
How it go when I'm talkin', you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)

[Verse 3: Yung Miami]
You broke ass bitch, you ain't sayin' nothin'
When I hold up my wrist, it's sayin' somethin' (Yeah)
Your nigga, he know 'cause he payin' somethin' (Damn)
I ball on these bitches like and one
Swish, bitch, I'm the shit
QC the clique, we rich as a bitch
Yeah, ayy, Miami, I'm lit, Patek on my wrist
Follow the drip, my jewelry sick (Ice)
Pneumonia pink diamonds, got the corona (Ugh, ugh)
Moneybagg Runtz, that's the aroma (Woo)
This ain't no mid from Arizona
Bitch, I'm serious (Real), period (Period)
All that ho shit, I ain't hearin' it (Bitch)
My niggas pull up with sticks, they clearin' it (Rrah)
Yeah, me and JT, we killin' it, period

[Verse 4: Moneybagg Yo]
I thought a nigga who watch what I do
But he can't get his bitch back said somethin' (Tough)
Is it true that he postin' another nigga money?
Prolly, I don't put that past him (Maybe so)
I thought a ho that be speakin' on me
But be fuckin' a broke nigga said somethin' (Listen)
Hold up, lil' bitch, get a nigga that's lit
I'm the whole loaf, he the bread crumbs (Go)
Rappers with these mixed feelings (What?)
I ain't fuckin' wit' 'em (Nope)
Like a Richard Mille, let me know what time it is
Bagg, where the Runtz at? (Huh?) Know you got it on you
'Posed to be smell-proof, bustin' out the vacuum seal
These niggas lil' boys, childish, Fisher-Price
Confident, I'm not cocky, so get it right
She bendin' over but I want some head first
I don't even wanna know what the pussy like
Trippin' too close to fallin' so I'm ballin'
It's crazy, my opp got shot but I ain't call it (Sike, slow up)
I come around, niggas gon' put they ho up
These bitches stay on my channel, yeah
Must've seen me on TV, yeah
It took me six hours to count a mill' exactly
I'm accurate with that cheese, yeah (Big bag)

[Chorus: Moneybagg Yo]
Huh? (What?)
Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit but they still ain't sayin' nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy ho said somethin' (Ah)
How it go when I'm talkin', you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)