[Intro: Bizzy Bone, Layzie Bone & Krayzie Bone]
Shit, who Bone Thugs?
Man them niggas broke up a long time ago
Nigga what the fuck you talking bout?
Mmm huu
Shit Nigga
I'll tell you one thing
Ain't nothing like that buddah lova bomb shit baby
You right about that shit right there
You know, Is that right?
Heh heh
Nigga you gotta be kidding me…..
What?
Nigga give me a drink!
Here nigga, here some Hennessy
Man, them niggas can't be dying
Bone Thugs Negro
Don’t know where you are?
It can't be over!
It ain't over with nigga, what you talkin' bout?
Nigga gimme a drink
And tha haters can't stand it
They can't believe it. Bone Thugs~N~Harmony…
Ha ha ha, goddamn right nigga!
Ruthless Records
What, What Rest in peace Little Eazy Godfather
Ooh-eee
Better call the police!
Bone Thugs~N~Harmony, 2000 muthafuckas!
Our Father who Art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name

[Verse 1: Bizzy Bone]
Will they prostitute me?
Will they prosecute me?
Stay under surveillance
Get out tha county, this nigga ain't got all my fuckin' jewelry
Local niggas, got me fucked up Bone Thugs bitch
Runnin' and we thuggin' it up
Look at a creepin' on ah come up
Ooooh, we don't wanna murda ya, and it's so mysterious
How many niggas wanna kill us will they run up?
Come kill me hater, murder with the ak
Play our, play our C Town, all the way through T Town
Northcoast keep goin
Ready for the Midwest invasion
Y'all niggas keep growin
But know that I know we was saken
Fuck shit some niggas can't take it, respect that
But we poets and if you don't squash it, fuck some rap shit
I be on some many mack your ass attack shit
Ready to back that
Now who rollin?
Bone

[Verse 2: Krayzie Bone]
Krayzie up in this muthafucka
Nigga I'm rollin', and ain't leavin' this muthafucka untill somebody dead!
And even though we know niggas bust back
Big bullets givin' muthafuckas heart attacks
Unload Tat-tat-tat-tat!
Krayzie Bone never did roll with no hoes
Hell naw we lettin' muthafuckas know
Everybody on the floor!
And this ain't no goddamn joke!
Nigga, break yourself or get broke!
All I want is the money
My cash flow
And I'm leaving on the first thing smoking out to Cleveland
We gotta get even
Even if it means I got to stop a muthafucka from breathin
And I'm waitin' for niggas to plot to rob me
Nigga that can explain the reason you fucked up, bleedin
Never forgot about guns, never forgot how to load em
Never forgot how to shoot em
Always a thug nigga what?
Fuck it, let's shoot up the club
If any of you niggas get pumped
Thinkin' you thug and you jump, nigga, you goin' get stomped
And we goin' shut this whole thang down
Going out with a big bang, pow!
And that's how the thugs do it
You know we get down and dirty
Nigga, you know the story, don’t make me, boil me
Let’s get ready for war
Last year we was humble, nigga, this year we heartless
So, any nigga that want static
Come meet us outside in the Yard, bitch!

[Verse 3: Layzie Bone]
It’s a hell of a job, when you marry the mob
I put a ring on my finger and say goodbye to my kids
Never ever will I be a legal citizen collectin’ my dividends til the law
Ends, flossin
Rollin in my Benz I go against the grain
See, we ain’t go change
I take an eye for a eye
Either thug or you die, and I ain’t goin cry
Rock a bye bye, nigga, die-die
Got a grudge against the judge
Tryin’ to lock up my thugs
Wanna see us fall short
Fuck it, I’ma blow up the court and show ‘em no remorse
Hit ‘em up with the C4, backdoor
Nigga, let Stack go
I’ma attack with rap and show the crooked ass law no love
Better let dogs loose
Got him, hold him up
And on top of that, these niggas fuckin' with cuz
All the real niggas in the streets with heat
If you really got beef, then buck it, fuck it
Nigga get disgusted, commit that 187 in public
If you runnin’ for your life
In hot pursuit and you got to shoot to stay free, scream
Murda on the government, take me
No surrender, no retreat
Might as well say
Fuck this rappin’, what’s happenin?
Layzie goin out blastin I’m smashin on any muthafucka who be thinkin they
Gon
Get they ass off without gettin’ a little action
I crept and I came, down for my thang, mane
It’s a different game
Muthafuckas out callin’ my name, but I’ma keep it the same
Figured I changed, nigga, fuck the fame
It ain’t no mystery about mine
Same little nigga from the double nine
Everytime, I keeps it real with shit you can feel, still to the Glock Glock

[Verse 4: Wish Bone]
Aw yeah, I’ma hit 'em with the murda mo
See ‘em, better let it go
Bet they gon’ run, run. Nine millimeter plus
I got a nigga beat or when it ain’t enough
I got my shotgun
Now, how many niggas wanna roll with me?
Y’all say you real, then we’ll see
Will you ride for me?
Will you die for me?
If I pop somebody, straight up lie for me?
There he go, now slowly approach
Start buckin' but baby, no kills
Hit him low, we gotta get money so fuck it
Just show him what’s real
Cause it's all about money, money, yeah
Don’t get in my way
Fuckin’ with my money
Cause that could surely get you killed
Better find somebody to play with ‘cause I really ain’t out to play bitch
Serious ‘bout mine ‘cause you’re runnin’ out of time
And talkin’ that shit'll get you touched, bitch
Now you know that we ain’t into that rappin back and forth on no song
Shit, like we ain’t got nothin’ else to talk about but you on that ho shit
There go Cleveland
Lets get it over with

[Verse 5: Flesh n Bone]
Get the fuck outta my way
They say they move down and side to side
I beg to part your stupid ass clean out my path
Nigga, when the bullet blow!
One bullet for this silly muthfucka!
Your bloodbath, baby livin’ in the day that made me sick in tha head
So crazy, interrogation
So many haters aggravate, so I convey and toss grenades
You niggas wanna be the T H U G?
Please, like me but can’t see me
Bend and roll like a fuckin hog
Muthafuck, 5th Dawg is definitely too damned greedy, sleazy
So many hoes screamin, bitch, skeeze me
Tease my nuts, get up on the thug stroll darlin
Stack my dollars up to the ceiling
Nigga, with a mob and creepin through the neighborhood robbin damn
It’s a man on the roof with a gun, better run
It’s your chance
Runnin through servin a dum dum to you
I'm a unique Bone Thug man
Stop wonderin' why did he leave that bloody, dead body gone
The nigga thought he could fuck with mine
But you’ll never find no others more like my kind
You heard my niggas willin’ to get down and dirty
I don’t give a fuck!
See the villian trudgin, nigga, peelin slugs!
A muthafucka here to show you who the realest thugs and that’s us
The original thugstas
Subliminal criminal way to kill an individual
Bone clone niggas that thinkin’ that they invincible
But not a real
I'm here to let you know, for sure, hoes!

[Outro]
Yeah niggas
Bone back in the house once again
Bringin ya'll niggas that real shit!
Lil Layzie, Bizzy, Wish, Krayzie, and that nigga Flesh!
Wanna say what's up to all them real ass niggas out there feelin this thug
Shit and
Fuck all y'all player hatin ass
Clonin ass, wannabe Eazy-E Bone Thug Mo Thug ass niggas!
We told ya'll niggas this shit was eternal
Eternal, eternal, eternal, eternal, eternal…..