[Intro: J.T.]
It's the City Girls, and you know we'll out fuck you
So get out my face, before I touch you
Ho, don't you know? Can't you understand?
If you fuck with me, I'll take your man

[Chorus: Yung Miami]
Bitch, you know I'll take your man, ho, don't play with me
Oh that's your man?
(I'll take your man), now he mines
Haha, yeah, ho (J.T.)

[Verse 1: J.T.]
Let me tell you 'bout this hater from around my hood
Kept trying a bitch like my pussy ain't good
See this bitch ain't like me and I don't know why
But I'ma give her a reason when I take her guy
You don't want smoke, baby, please believe me
'Cause I'm that bitch and your nigga looking easy
Touch me, taste me, fuck me, squeeze me
Once he do that, he'll never leave me
Fuck you and the rest of your crew
'Cause I'll take your nigga and I'll keep mine too
If you wanna fight I'm with that too
Bitch, I'm from the hood, lace up your shoes
Bitch, you too slow, can't keep up, I took him, you see us
Pussy whipped, he too stuck, you lost him, that's your luck
So the next time you decide to start some shit
Old broke down, jealous bitch

[Chorus: Yung Miami]
(I'll take your man)
Damn right, shit, you know I will
Bitch, that'll be my man
(I'll take your man)
That's my dick, haha
Dead ass though, yeah

[Verse 2: Yung Miami]
From when I walked in the door, I been felt the tension
The niggas with the sweating and the hoes with the whispering
That's Yung Miami and she signed to QC
How the fuck she got a deal, and she been rapping 'bout a week? uh
She probably suck P dick, or let Coach fuck, nah ho I'm a G bitch
Straight from out the bottom
And I'll beat a bitch ass if a ho got a problem
Pussy ho, where your man at?
So I can fuck him in his mouth, in your house where he laying at
On instagram looking for a flaw, on or offline, pussy ho I'm raw
I get it from my mammy
And I know how to handle it, 305, from Miami
How you mad when you had your chance?
Y'all hoes better stop playing, I'll take your man

[Chorus: Yung Miami]
Bitch, don't play with me
Oh that's your man? (I'll take your man)
Now he mines, haha
Yeah ho
(I'll take your man)

[Outro: J.T. & Yung Miami]
Fuck you! F-fuck you
Fuck you, jealous bitch
I'll take your man
Fuck you, that's my dick