[Intro: 2Pac + Bizzy Bone]
Nigga, we doin' this shit from Cleveland to L.A., nigga
Whatever you niggas want, we bring it!
Thug Luv, (biatch!) nigga what time is it?
Yo, I don't give a fuck where you lay at, nigga
It's time to slay these bitch-made niggas!
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, run with us, run with us!
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, 'Pac and Rip, with thug love
They ain't even knowing what type of niggas we is
Where my thugs at? Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
I know you niggas been waitin' for this for a long time
Well, here it is, nigga, here it is!
What you gonna do with it?

[Verse 1: Bizzy Bone]
Well, it must be close to the Armageddon, Lord
You know, that I won't fly by that lesson
You taught me, to pull out my Wesson you brought me
And I'm not stressin' it softly
Get 'em up off me, 'cause all we
Wanted was harmony, been bombing 'em
Yell up out of my ghetto, I won't settle, get on my level
They can't, stop me and pop me
Nigga, they got me? Fuck no
Little Pac gets schizophrenic, let's manage, to damage, all y'all
I'll, talk about 'em, and you don't really want it
'Cause they're cornered, and I'm want 'em, to not jump
I'd rather say that we came to shut 'em all down
So quick to test, bullet, yes, declare war
Roll, I'll flow when I get the gun for the murder
Mo' horror! Why? They did it all, pause for the cause
And I, finna to pull a 9 or pistol, and lit a nigga with mine
Fuck them niggas, it's on
All y'all fall! Bizzy getting bitches to test me
Bless the floor, and any attempt to arrest me, stress me
Lord, looking at death with the last of my breath
Follow, follow, my kids!
But don't sin, in my steps!
Yet the weapon is kept, with the best of my secrets
Deep in the reach, I'm alone, nigga, believe
That I can see it, if needed, and if you really with me
And well then let it be, get the greens and we running up over Cleveland

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Ha, ha! What's poppin', nigga? (yeah!)
Put your muthafuckin' hands on your strap, nigga
Thug Luv, nigga. Yeah, we can do this like gangstas and slug it out (Thug luv)
Or do this like punks, and punk it out
Pull your strap on me (Thug luv), nigga, you better kill me!
Thug Life, baby. Thug Luv

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I'll probably be punished for hard livin', blind to the facts:
Thugs is convicts, in God's prison, hands on the strap
Prayin' so Father please forgive me!
Police be rushin' when they see me
I flaunt it: America's Most Wanted, live on TV
Life: pleasure and pain, stuck in this game, holler my name!
We all gon' die, we bleed through similar veins
Please explain to me, now. Don't panic, when my guns burst
Heard the last jam, nigga? This one's worse!
My nigga Bone held the chrome 'til I came home
Thug Luv players tell these, bitch niggas "Bring it on"
I caught a plane out to Cleveland late last evening
To help my niggas clean up some niggas no longer breathin'
Now, who do you believe in? Hit the weed and breathe
It's a, cold-ass world; niggas, kill you in your sleep
Watch me, until they stop me, bury, murder me or drop me
I got, Thug Luv for my nationwide posse. Feel me!

[Verse 3: Layzie Bone]
Little thug from the Land, nigga, never ran
Muthafuckas out to get me. They don't understand
It's the #1 nigga out with a nation of niggas
Down to put in some work and do some dirt
Fuckin' around with the band Bone, Thugs-N-Harmony
Follow down the road, we stroll to meet karma
Everything I do, it seem to cause drama
Ready for the war like a knight in my armor, bomb ya!
So quick to test us, nigga wanna crash me, eat dust
For the love of the lust, niggas bustin' on us
Hit 'em up with the buck, 12-gauge erupt!
It's my Art of War, puttin' niggas on the floor
When I'm comin' through the door, bringin' nuthin' but terror
Causing much pain to the nigga that dared us
Tried to put a twist in this thugsta era
Paired up, with a nigga like Pac
And a nigga like me gotta stay high
Thug luv 'til I die, keep my prayer to the sky
But I'm still in the hood, smoke and fry
So I beg, the Lord to save us all: escapers of misery
Bless my niggas in penitentiaries, soldiers of the century, yeah

[Verse 4: Krayzie Bone]
Here to get it, told my niggas they need get, Down
With the dirt, and we don't fuck around
Buck a couple of rounds, and if you're passin' through
Then hit the ground, and don't get caught up in the crossfire, nigga
Artillery thick, and you don't wanna get to fuckin' with this
I'm straight devil, not a punk and pretend
I reload, and buck a little mo'
Flee the scene 'fore the po-po even know
"So, who ya looking for?" They don't know!
A mothafucka with a leatherface
Hey, man, she said I ran this way, said I ran that a way
Ya hoes'll never know because I got away (yeah)
A criminal mind, to keep a nigga on the level
Sometimes, so get high, and analyze your crime
Correctly organized and with results, you'll be surprised

[Verse 5: Wish Bone]
Oh, nigga, can you feel the vibe? We can ride
Playa hating niggas, you gots to die, it's only right
Fucking with Bone, better leave it alone
Mo Thugs come crack their fuckin' domes
Still in the hood, where the thugs play
Fuckin' with nuthin' but thugs, mane
Ain't takin' no shorts or no losses
We crackin' them domes around my way
Give it to 'em on another level, nigga, get a shovel
You can dig a hole; bitches is dead!
Infrared, to your head. You can beg, you can fled
But still gonna bleed bloody red
Fuck with mine, we'll be seen in the moonlight
'Cause we out ridin', lookin' for you (for you)
Better run for cover, nigga, duck!
We about to bust, Straight got the infrared, put it on his forehead
Make some moves, send flowers straight to his home
Put a card in the muthafucka, send it to his mama
Tell her he was dead wrong, dead wrong
Now he long gone, long gone

[Outro: Bizzy Bone]
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, run with us, run with us!
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, 'Pac and Rip, with thug love
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, run with us, run with us!
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, 'Pac and Rip, with thug love
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, run with us, run with us!
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, 'Pac and Rip, with thug love
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, run with us, run with us!
'Pac, 'Pac run with us, 'Pac and Rip, with thug love