[Intro: Matt Champion]
"Yo, get—[
censored
]—turn that shit over, boy!"

[Verse 1: Matt Champion]
¿Cómo se dice? Don't touch on me with them dedos
I minimize all your credentials, I maximize all of my pesos
I want that dance that can do it, give it to me straight, don't dilute it
I'm one-handed like Odell, 
numb the pain like Orajel
Up and down like gopher bear, hand on me like "Oh, well"
What that smell like, oh, Chanel? Way too deep like depths in hell
Need a smoking shot of whiskey, down this bitch like, oh, they prissy
Talking smack, oh, don't get lippy, love on you, oh, don't forget me

[Chorus: Matt Champion]
Coming like—ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Take it back—ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Talkin' em—ee, ee, ee, ee, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

[Verse 2: Dom McLennon]
Radiation is present, got my reflection iridescent
Every little moment I step in, might shift the planets direction
Glitch in the system is present
You might wanna check the connection
I don't give a fuck about freshmans
I don't give a fuck about veterans
If your perception ain't ascending, it's no reason for extension
Of my energy, this shit only happens once in a century
It's elementary when all you speak is rudimentary
Paradiddles hidden in riddles; vapid and accessories
So please don't get it mistaken, opportunities taken
Didn't want to be patient, we had to fight for this thing
Ain't no acting complacent, the disrespect been too blatant
We claimed this spot from the basement, so tell me, who you again?
Oh you was this, you was that?
But now you washed and you hate it?
You taking shots with revolvers, I got two drones at the station
Hit the button, they might come and leave your legacy vacant
You paved a path we didn't want to get demolished with aging

[Breakdown: bearface, 
Kevin Abstract
, 
Dom McLennon
]
We get money, get dough
Dame más mi princesa says so (
Uh
)
Even though my teeth not gold
Baby girl know our pockets drip folds
(
Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo!
)
We get money, get dough
Dame más mi princesa says so (
Uh
)
Even though my teeth not gold
Baby girl know our pockets drip folds

[Bridge: Kevin Abstract]
Money on my—, money on my—
Niggas that I—, niggas that I—
We said what's up—, we said what's up—
Message that I—, message that I—
Call her brother—, call her brother—
Niggas lookin'—, niggas lookin'—
Let my niggas—, let my niggas—
Niggas with that—, niggas with that—

[Chorus: Matt Champion]
Ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Talkin' 'bout—ee, ee, ee, ee, woah, woah, woah
Talkin' em—ee, ee, ee, ee, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

[Outro: Dom McLennon]
Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo!