[Intro: Jeremih & Chance The Rapper]
I don't wanna be you, I just wanna be me
I don't wanna be cool, I just wanna be me
You don't wanna be cool, you just wanna be me
I don't wanna be cool, I don't wanna be cool, I don't wanna be cool
I don't wanna be cool, I don't like being cool
I ain't trying to be cool, what's it like being cool?
I just can't stay cool, I don't wanna be cool
I don't want you to be me, you should just be you
You just wanna be me!
You just wanna be me!

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Okay, I grew up without a chauffeur
Man, I'm talkin' straight out the dirt and sulfur
Only birds in my city is vultures
I mean back before I could afford a faux fur
I was off in that debt, me and my mama
Hand-me-downs was the only time I got designer, man
Only class I'm passing is English and Math
I don't know, maybe because they both got commas
Maybe because my older bro was on the honor roll
And the other one was always up in front of the honor
So I'm in the middle like the line in the divide signs
Spending all my money on girls and Sean John
Way before anybody called me Sean Don
I was dropping fifties man to look like 50
Rocking pink Polo's, man, shit ain't even fit me
Looking for the inspiration that's already in me
All the confidence I was tryin' to buy myself
If you don't like me, fuck it, I'll be by myself
Spend all this time for you to say I'm fine
I really should have spent it tryin' to find myself

[Bridge: Chance The Rapper & Jeremih]
Hold up, it's cool with just me
I'm cool being me
I don't wanna be cool
I ain't trying to be cool
I just can't stay cool
Whats it like being cool?
I don't wanna be cool
I don't wanna be cool
I don't want you to be me
You just should be you

[Verse 2: Kyle]
Is being cool that cool? (Really?)
Is being a tool that big of a tool? (Is it?)
It doesn't matter if a nigga is wearing Supreme
If a cool guy shits his shit's still gonna stink
If a cool guy's cool in the middle of the forest
Man nobody fucking cares
So why don't you just be the you that you know you are
You know, when nobody else is there?
Don't be weird, it's easy, and it's so important
Being cool shouldn't cost a fortune
Baby got her jeans from Goodwill
But I bet that ass look good still
Okay let's remember that shopping at Payless
It just means you pay less, it don't make you bae-less
If you don't get re-tweets, it don't mean you say less, okay?
So I'mma post this shitty-ass selfie on IG
And I don't care if anybody likes it or likes me, it's cool

[Outro: Jeremih & Chance The Rapper]
I don't wanna be cool
I ain't tryin' to be cool
I just can't stay cool
What's it like being cool?
I don't wanna be cool
I don't wanna be cool
I don't want you to be me
You should just be you
I don't wanna be cool
I ain't trying to be cool
I just can't stay cool
What's it like being cool?
You just wanna be me
You just wanna be me