[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed

[Verse 1: Krayzie Bone]
It's an everyday thang when you hear the bucks bang
Mo Thugs is all we claim
Stay thug up in this game and remain the same
So follow me, now see [now see]
Off to the double-Glock and hear pistols poppin' [poppin]
Buckin' them bodies with shots, and...
Everybody get up, get on down
Everybody get up, get on down, [Hey!]
Everybody get up, get on down
Everybody get up
And life a fucked up game without the green
Gotta have another bill, y'all, Dog, I need all my change
Soon as I come up, I'm pullin' my people up outta the bullshit
That's why we choose this thugsta music
Use it smoothly don't abuse it do we?
Oh, so lovely
Gotta get, gotta get, get money [mo' money]
Thuggin', forever we keepin' it real
And I'm ready to show and then let niggas know that Mo Thug is the shit that we roll with the murder we told ya
Rollin', blowin' indo, we go
Niggas doubted we are trues, yeah
Ready to bust on anything
Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Don't nobody move, don't nobody get hurt
Killa, Me killa, killa... [Break it down](x15)

[Verse 2: Layzie Bone]
I'm wonderin really how many more niggas
I'll see in a coffin before its my time
I'm the kind right here to take losses, not a dime
Everyday it's the same, and I gotta mine to the grind
My mental be stressed on my pistol my only untensil for cheddar
It's on the level war
Whatever my mind is my church and my kids or my pleasure
Would ya like to come parlay with Lay all through my hood?
Sit back, everything gon' be all good
Niggas ridin' real, knock on wood, goin' against the grain
It's all the same, It's all the same
Smokin' on a lot more weed than before
No pain, no gain
You straight up hangin', and that's a shame
How long we'll reign
Bang, bang, gotta get down for my thang
Ain't nothin' to do to get outta this game [outta this game]
Run, we came with consistency
Instantly and guard all my greens of the earth
We're resistance, baby
Baby, tell me what do you wanna do?
Tell me, what do you wanna do? You can ride and smoke with me
Or I can ride and smoke with you
It's all cool, It's all cool, It's all cool
Act a fool, Act a fool, It's all cool, It's all cool

[Verse 3: Bizzy Bone]
Ready when I got my pistol, and got to flip, and when in my hood
Should be animal and gnarl, wanna go shut you down and eat breakfast
Oh so, don't you know that I know you're whole M.O
And away you go and I got (...?...) mo, little bit
You know so, hit it, me stumble (...?...) and even scuffle
I heard my little brother smacked the shit out you bitch and bust you
Hear my nationwide "fuck you, fuck you"
I got people that you trust
Who needs some greens, and really don't love you
Never familiar, send 'em all in the city out to 
(?)
An everyday thang and I bang your brains, nigga

[Chorus: Krayzie]
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed

[Verse 4: Wish Bone]
It's an everyday thang, it's an everyday thang
It's an everyday thang, thang
It's an everyday thang, it's an everday thang
It's an everyday buck, buck, buck, bang
Call me dumb, It ain't gon' change. We won't change
Bone thugs-n-harmony, we keeps it realer
Tell me, can you feel us feel us, feel us?
Tell me, can you feel us, feel us, feel us, killas?
Even though we still roll the Clair, playa haters better beware
Cause we got mines, we got nines, we got shit to blow you all the time
Anytime you got yours, you got yours, I got mine, I got mine
Fuck with mine, fuck with mine
East 99 is the street, keep it on the low when they creep
Or Bone got heat, Bone got heat
Hurt them who tried to hurt me. B-O-N-E, cause I'm rollin with ya
Cause I'm rollin' with ya, cause I'm rollin' with ya
It's an everyday, it's an everyday
It's an everyday thang, bang
It's an everyday, it's an everyday
It's an everyday buck, buck, buck, bang

[Chorus: Krayzie]
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed
Ain't nothin' changed, everyday
Ain't nothin' changed