[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I went from construction Timbs to Ac's with rims
Flippin' mixtapes to bitches feedin' me grapes
Peep my mind state, Big Poppa flow is lethal
That weed make my ass wanna kill four people
Fuck the game, gimme the dame and the Range
My niggas up to pawn drop-top Jaguars
Blindfold you when you step in the car
That's that superstar status apparatus, more wins than Cassius
Cease roll the hash, it's in the pocket with the nine
Roll up the whole dime as my seats recline
I want a presidential Rollie (So)
So I crush MCs to guacamole, making Robin scream, "Holy moley!"
Big Poppa, fuck a cape, I'm that Paper Crusader
Playing Sega in the wide body Blazer

[Verse 2: Bizzy Bone]
Rap game terror
Money, murda mo, and all that good shit
Scandalous niggas, respect this
Ask about my 20 inch deep dish rims
Son of a chicken, it ain't no friends when it come to the end
And I'ma say word to gangstas
Real killas wit' money to burn
Sayin' we a lost cause, foster kids-preach the world
Thank God that I had a father
I'm pushin' in that cocoa with my sister when I was 14 like cancer victims
Uh huh, 'cause haters they get quarantined
Women they comin' with sorcery
I'm livin' wit' curses, smokin' weed
Burn me, don't bury me
Hurry before my mama come see me
Somebody call Johnny Cochran
Some niggas they wanna be Biggie
Some niggas they wanna be 'Pac
But I just wanna be Bizzy
As soon as they hear me, they spit me like Richard Simmi
Don't run away, where's your nuts at?
It's the original hydro smokers, somebody bust that
Trust that, what's packin'

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug

[Verse 3: Krayzie Bone]
Who be them niggas that keepin' it thuggish ruggish from [?]?
And If you don't like it, then we tell 'em fuck it
Nigga suck a dick or somethin', nigga what?
Who be the niggas that's sneakin' the pistol up in the party?
Drink that 1-5-1 Barcardi? Drunk and finna fuck up somebody?
Keepin' it realer than real in the field
Niggas that's packin' that steel
Who be the niggas that sold over 30 million strong?
Who was dem niggas in black?
Who was dem niggas wit straps?
Who was dem niggas that's bustin' back at the got damn law?
Who was dem niggas that Crept On Ah Come Up & did it Eazy?
Who was dem niggas that didn't get of they thang leadin' Cleveland?
Smokin' the weed or the fever, the reefa
That keep 'em a pot of that sweetest cheeba
Nigga yo y'all know who that is
Dem niggas that sing, dem niggas that rap
They got everybody tryna do that
Fuck recognizing nigga, they better respect, who, who, who?
I done told these niggas that Bone is the shit
So keep on rollin ya spliff, and smoke a blunt to this shit

[Verse 4: Layzie Bone]
Who was the nigga that thugged in the streets? Number one on the charts?
And who was the nigga that's pullin' ya card?
And nigga show that we had nothin' but heart
And who be the nigga that come to my side when it's about murder?
My niggas, my niggas will hurt ya
You better believe it, when we comin' to serve ya
We be dem niggas fo' life, we tighter than tight, doing what we like
And who was the nigga that told ya to get down for your rights?
Now who be the niggas that step in the club makin' everythang pause?
So fresh, so clean, no flaws. Who be the rawest clique you done saw?
Damn right we keep it original out of da door
Hit him up quick wit' the flip flop flow
Then we introduce you to Mo
Dem niggas that reignin' supreme
Hustled to conquer our dream
Forever untouchable team
What nigga be out here gettin' this green?
Blowin' green, rollin' the hood, Glock cocked on safety
And who be the niggas that knew you was fake?
But stayin' away from y'all lately
Lil Layzie just be da nigga statin' da facts
And you can put this on Stack
Because muthafucka we back

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug

[Wish]
Who be the niggas that thug in the back of the club?
Ready to scrap, nigga buck, nigga what
Who be the niggas that check ya, disrespect ya?
Who be the niggas that wanna maintain?
And do them thug thangs?
But if disrespected who gon let it bang?
Who was the niggas we rushed?
Who was dem niggas that talk about us?
Who was the nigga that say that the thugsta mentality?
Better him than us
Bone Thugs finally let loose
Total control, who's business is it anyway?
Gotta life
Better leave it alone
Been suppressed too long
Now that we out on our own
Ya gotta see the free Bone
Who be the niggas that come in anybody hood and straight kick it?
Who be the niggas that always got the weed, the drink, and dyme bitches?
I'm tired of hearin' "What happened to us?"
"When will we hear a Bone bust?"
Who be the niggas that's bringin' that thuggish ruggish no matter what?
Believe we nothin' but truth
What would the game do?
Without you know who?
Niggas that say and do
What they want to

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug, hey ya
Bone Thug