(Mo' Thugs Remix)
MARIAH CAREY featuring Bone thugs-n-harmony

[Birds chirping.]
Layzie:
Over, over. Don't break down yet, it's over
Over, over. Don't break down yet, it's over
Over, over
Krazie:
Steady breakin' me on down
Mariah:
Oooh
Krazie:
Break, breakdown. Steady breakin' me on down
Break, breakdown. Steady breakin' me on down
Mariah:
You called yesterday to basically say that you care for me, but that you're
Just not in love
Immediately, I pretended to be feeling similarly, and led you to believe I was
O.K. to just walk away from the one thing that's unyeilding and sacred to me
Mariah:
Well, I guess I'm trying to be, nonchalant about it, and I'm going to extremes
To prove I'm fine without you, but in reality I'm slowly losing my mind
Underneath the disguise of a smile. Gradually, I'm dying inside. Friends ask me
How I feel, and I lie convincingly, 'cause I don't want to reveal the fact that
I'm suffering, so I wear my disguise 'til I go home at night, and turn down all
The lights, and then I break down and cry
Mariah:
So what do you do when somebody you're so devoted to suddenly just stops loving
You? And it seems they haven't got a clue of the pain that rejection is putting
You through. Do you cling to your pride and sing "I will survive?" [Krayzie:
Gotta get control and roll, roll, roll on.] Do you lash out and say, "How dare
You leave this way?" Do you hold on in vain as they just slip away?
Mariah:
Well, I guess I'm trying to be, nonchalant [Krazie: Break, breakdown. Steady
Breakin' me on down.] about it, and I'm going to extremes to prove I'm fine
Without you, but in reality I'm slowly losing my mind underneath the disguise of a
Smile. Gradually, I'm dying inside. Friends ask me how I feel, and I lie
Convincingly, 'cause I don't want to reveal the fact that I'm suffering, so I
Wear my disguise 'til I go home at night, and turn down all the lights, and
Then I break down and cry
Wish:
Gonna break ya down, down, down, only if ya let it [Don't let it.]. Everyday
Crazy situations rockin' my mind tryin' to break me down, but I won't let it
Forget it. If ya feel the same way that I do, then let me help y'all, all
Singin' tunes, sayin' "It's all right, it's all right, it's all right, yeah."
Hopin' for the sun, but it looks like rain, P.O.D'ed, but it's still the same
Came far, but it's been a long road. Trouble's gonna come but we gotta stay
Strong. Hold on
Krayzie:
Aw, yeah, I often feel the pressures, y'all, but nevertheless Krayzie won't
Fall. It's over. It's endin' here [here]. I said it's over. It's endin' here

[here], so I'll be on my way, and maybe we can meet up in the future one day
But for now I'm bailin', bailin'. Bailin', baby, gotta get up, can't take no
More. I'm headed for the door, come and take a look into a thug humble eye
Tell me: if we lived a lie, would our souls unite?
Layzie:
Every new day is a test for me, so I just pray the Lord for Him to bless me
Please. There's struggles I'm goin' through lately, breaks me down, set me
Free. Let me be. Let me be. Who else do I have to rely on? Whose shoulder can a
Thug go cry on? Can I get my vibe on? While you look into my eyes, you won't
Underestimate, and this soldier story, I'm'a tell you right now I'm fed up
Wrong if I let my lead bust? Pac said keep your head up. Don't let this world
Get the best of you, I'm a stress you through it, if it's over, over, over
Don't breakdown yet, it's over
Mariah:
Well, I guess I'm trying to be, nonchalant about it, and I'm going to extremes
To prove I'm fine without you, but in reality I'm slowly losing my mind
Underneath the guise of a smile. Gradually, I'm dying inside. Friends ask me
How I feel, and I lie convincingly, 'cause I don't want to reveal the fact that
I'm suffering, so I wear my disguise 'til I go home at night, and turn down all
The lights, and then I break down and cry