[Intro: Shatasha Williams, Eazy-E]
Welcome to the dark side...
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone..
(St. Clair, niggas, niggas, niggas)
Eternal, eternal, eternal
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone.. (hahahaha)
Eternal, eternal, eternal (haha, haha)
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone..
Eternal, eternal, eternal
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone..
Eternal, eternal, eternal
{*playing in reverse throughout Bizzy's intro*}
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone..
Eternal, eternal, eternal

[Bizzy Bone]
Gotta give it on up to the Glock Glock
Pop pop, better drop when them buckshot blow
The bone in me never no ho
So no creepin up outta the ziplock
So sin, sip gin, and lil' mo heart run up, nut up
And flipped in, than slipped the clip in
Mistakin' the bloody victims
Ever if ya test nuts, to the chest and ... {*fades away*}

[DJ U-Neek]
[Explosion]
(Buck! Buck! Buck! Buck!)
Ha ha ha hah ha ha ha haa
Right back at your motherfuckin' ass
Comes those real true thugs
Straight out the Double Glock
Puttin' it down for the motherfuckin' Land
Takin' no shorts, no losses
Puttin' it on you jealous, bitch made, playa hating-ass niggas
You betta tell 'em what's real, bitch
Takin' over the shit in the '9-5
I bring to you the one and only...
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
(Nigga, this St. Clair, this St. Clair, this St. Clair...)

[Layzie Bone]
Yeah, nigga

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
Execution double nine style
Steadily fillin' them bodies underground

[Verse 1: Bizzy Bone]
It'll be all about that yayo bank roll
Better make that money man, dead wrong
Put it on the low, but I beat up hoes
And I peel 'em and bang
Gotta get them demons off me
Creepin' up softly, seepin' up through my soul
And sleepin' ain't good to go now when I'm alone
I don't doze, I never watch the door
Bet I won't be slippin', sleepin'
Lovin' the thugs I bails with, but a trail of 12-gauge shells
Bloody me smell 1-8-7 and the 2-11
12-gauge and the AK-47 spray
Lil' Ripsta kill 'em now
Put 'em off in the grave, daily
With a slug stuck all up in ya
Well, I roll with realer niggas
Pop pop drop to the sound and to ground
Lit 'em up to kill ya

[Verse 2: Krayzie Bone]
Them St. Clair thugs, we love
When they pumpin them slugs, now what
See the blood from the scum
When I dug them enemies deep in the mud, they drugged
I run with them Trues, snooze, you lose
And left in the alley floor fucked up
What's up with them shoes? Ooh, they new
So we runnin off with my dog's Chucks
Bust a left on the block, and what'da ya know?
Oh, no, the po-po--they follow
Copper gotta see the nigga layin' behind us still
But nigga remember my motto
Me no surrender, gotta get away hit the fence with the quickness
Hit the other side and I swang to the right
Runnin' through the cut, hit '95
Peel, bailin' for safety we make it and chill
Gotta make ah mil but ah nine kick off for real
Nigga drop that bill or I pop my steel
Ain't no competition don't fuck with my clique
And so listen you bitches stay trippin' it's okay
When we stickin' and lickin' them pockets
So droppa that dollar, man, Glock'll holla, bang
Thuggin' with ah thug nigga smokin' blunts
Nigga don't stiff on no weed smoke it all
'Cause nigga you know when my pockets get right
I'ma run and get ah sack and come choke with y'all, y'all

[Verse 3: Layzie Bone]
Now you fuckin' with these thuggish killers
Creepin' up outta the Land, and they ready to ride
Gettin' high off Thai
My niggas in the Land got Glocks for days on the 9-9
But I kill 'em all, dog
Bed make as they fall with the 12-gauge be bustin' on niggas
So what now?
Come, nigga, get buck, pow
And not only that, get shut the fuck down
And I'm talkin' 'bout niggas that wanna contend with the thugstas
Some nigga done fucked up
Never no playa haters in the clique's allowed
And we never no bustas
Never catch a nigga sleep
Hear the buck shots rain where the thugs in Cleveland dwell
Daily collectin' me mail
And I meet you in hell if all else fails, oh well

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone & Layzie Bone]
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground
Execution double nine style
Steadily sendin' that body underground