Yeah - the world ain't yours...
The world ain't your thug wa aha h ah orld these last day yah better prepare for war
Chorus:
Hey thug world the world ain't yours thug wo aha ha h orld these last days yah better prepare for war yah better prepare for warX2
Bizzy:
Better prepare, better be ready for wutever
Little b still be gettin Scurdy and 11th n the ghetto
Down in Columbus
I stay thuggish ruggish mash (mash!!) in the peddal
Thrown up the 7's on these playa haters (laughs)
Flash the Bezzle
For the war been poppin over crude oil
Off in the ghetto we dont know nuthin about it
'cause half of these brothers can't be loyal
Picture me sippin on Hennessey, remember me
Caught up inside the 23rd century
Given the best of "B"
Evidently this is real
Put it On Baby Feel
Lets do this Studio grimy !!Quick!!
For i get killed
This is the battlefield
This how its goin down (Down-Down)
And they won't be Twisting they Tongues
Soon as it come around (Round-Round)
Better watch ur back n dont be scared youngsta
This is the ganksta party
N who me??? Bizzy the Thugsta
Call me the kamikaze
I won't even speak about Illuminati (No)
Welcome to bablon hey man (Heyyyyy)
I need to speak the tommy
Chorus:
Hey thug world the world ain't yours thug wo aha ha h orld these last days yah better prepare for war yah better prepare for warX2
Gotta get ta drink and be thinkin
Chiefing Up in the car
Karlos Shammar Davis, 2Pac n Biggie Smalls (biggy smalls)
Eric Wright, one of the fore-fathers of ganksta shhhh
He one of the ones that got me in
Yall know wut it is
One time for Left-Eye put ur hands up (put yo hands up)
My little daughter really ah makin me man up (makin me man up)
Oh nillion (nillion)
I think i fallin on the steps
About a million thats the way im feelin (Hey!!!)
Wut about bone thug??
If u really wanna know
Gotta keep it movin, keep it goin, 'cause i ain't no (hooo)
Caught in the streets with em, bustin jack moves
This game is all about business
Now let this track groove
Slap Box with the biggest brother
And make that big boy fall for your mother rucas (ruckas!!)
My foster brother got shot
In one of his eyes (Pow)
I guess jehova ain't want Trackey to Die (c,mon!!!)
Chorus:
Hey thug world the world ain't yours thug wo aha ha h orld these last days yah better prepare for war yah better prepare for warX2
How dumb would i be if i started to Follow you
Just because women'll swallow you??
How dumb would i be
If i hit u with bottles and niggas
Beginnin to stomp on u??
I been in the trial
Enter Columbus, Ohio
But i can smile now (thug world)
Drunk n im buck wild
And if u young better, rejoin the child feelin me now
I come in the door, good ready n proud
Wut the world say (hey) yall never bow down (Unnnhh)
Keep on keepin on (laughs)
Pretty boy with the blemish
Off Coke n Crown
My 7 sign nigguhs wit me (wit me!!)
I could smoke a pound
Gotta get mine 'cause i ain't finished
The ghetto in me
Since Elementary, i been rappin
And stayin Bizzy
A couple of sissies n the long run gimme somethin
Lets make this conversation deeper
We ain't sayin (nuttin).....[umm]
Welcome to bablon
We in the universe
U know my name dogg (dogg!!)
They call me bizzy yall thug world ghetto, church
Chorus:
Hey thug world the world ain't yours thug wo aha ha h orld these last days yah better prepare for war yah better prepare for warX2