[Into/Chorus: Mariah Carey] + (J.D.)
(y'all know what this is!)
Can I get a little bit a L-O-V-E? (MC)
Can ya spend a little bit of dough on me?
(Bone Thugs)
Can I get a little bit a ya T-I-M-E
(the lil homeboy Bow Wow)
Boy if ya wanna make it (MC)
Could ya gotta give a little bit a..
(what's your perspective?)

[Mariah Carey] + (Krayzie Bone)
Monday we will not, (I'm outta love)
Tuesday you had time, (and macked it all)
We just break up again
You want me to let you back in
But tonight I'm like no
Ohh, uh uh uh ohh, my box has opened
My body has all said yes, I hate this mess
Boy you just ain't no good for me
This ain't no way real love should be..

Took you back once, took you back twice
Took you back, three, four, five times
They said these streets is over
Boy youve been close to lies
Took you back once, took you back twice
Took you back, three, four, five times
Can't see the light, but you, somebody help me!

[J.D.]
Krayzie! give her a lil bit

[Krayzie Bone]
Now you look from the jump
And a nigga was thugged out, but you bugged out, n start trippin
Flippin' on me all time.. and its been like this all my life..no matter how I try
Guess it's the thug in me, got my mind on my money man
I'm spending my time on the grind tryna shine, I'm concentrating on running thangs
I've been tryna hold it down, and you steady tellin' me it's over now
She always talk loud, she always leave me but always come back around
That's just what we go through, and you know it's so true
Every time I slip up she behind me, gon' be right there to remind me

[Chorus: Mariah Carey]
Can I get a little bit a L-O-V-E?
Can ya spend a little bit of dough on me?
Can I get a little bit a ya T-I-M-E
Boy if ya wanna make it
Could ya gotta give a little bit a love

[J.D.]
Uh yea, haha, just a lil bit, Layzie! give her a lil bit

[Layzie Bone]
Can we take a long walk on the beach, get away from the streets
Baby girl, me and you need to rendezvous
Cancun next week, how that sound to you?
I've been meaning to spend a little time witchu
I can tell you fed up from all of the promises I've been making lately
And I had to deliver but I been so caught in my hustle, tryna make this payment
And I shoulda considered your feelings
I shoulda been better about it
I shoulda been grown, not childish
I shoulda been way more polished
But my hustle done paid off, and I'm ready to spoil you..love
Come look, what cha boy gon do? (gone do), let me make this up to you (to you)

[Chorus]

[J.D.]
Uh, uh, Bow Wow! give her a lil bit

[Bow Wow]
Weezy girl, I can't believe what you sayin'
You know you got it, should meet with my fans
But every time I get a break I'm layin
Where? in your arms all night and day playin'
You won't some time, I send you jacob, want sunshine then take a vacation
We ain't gon make it if you keep complainin, everybody go through changes
Love is a dangerous (thing)
(why?) it's full of happy and sad faces
Break it up to make up later, talk it out so it ain't no anger
We need more communication, you should have some consideration
Cause you knew from the day we met
What, what type of player you was dealing wit. haha

[Chorus]

[J.D.]
Uh huh, uh huh, wish! give her a lil bit

[Wish Bone]
Everything I do, just for me and you, stack a little paper so its never rainy days
I got you, but just for me then you got to, understand that I hustle, hustle
Diamonds things, I gotta hustle, hustle, anything that brings the weight up
See a real thug too its in his nature, its in his nature
Not tryna say that you about that paper, but me and you, yes we like that paper
Overseas trips, diamonds on the wrists, you must admit, your boy gets that paper
I like bossin, girl, girl, but you beside me, slide wit me, slide wit me
Try and take it away thats when I ride and ride

[Chorus]