Intro:
What, y'all thought I wasn't going to do a weed song?
Shit, nigga, you know me (you know me, you know me)
And it makes me sing, every puff that I breathe, potent herbs and leaves could ease the world
I like to get high (I like to get high)
So high

Chorus:
Bud-smokers only
Reefer really makes you happy, don't it?

Verse 1:
Me smoking Buddha (Buddha, Buddha)
Come again, me smokin' Buddha (Buddha, Buddha)
Me roll, and then me pass the hootah' to ya
Me feelin' that blunt, so don't let that Buddha fool ya
Puff on that hootah' (hootah', hootah')
Come again, puff on this hootah' (hootah', hootah)
Sit back, relax, and let the Buddha soothe ya
And when they ask, "Who?", you can tell them Krayzie schooled ya
Puff on the Buddha, but first me gotta get with me friends
So wish, you provide a grub, cause I'm gonna spend all my ends on the Buddha
Come again, will ya share me a bit of blunt, my friend?
If you don't wanna go half, fuck it. I'll put in the ends on the Buddha, Buddha
We roll and smoke and choke and pass and toke and hand it back to ya
That Buddha gonna keep ya...

Bridge:
So high...
So, now, how high can ya go?
I want to get high

Verse 2:
As soon I arrive in L.A., gotta hit my connections
I've been here stressin' on this airplane six hours (airplane . . . I been stressin', stressin'), just thinkin' of crashin'
Now a sack's gonna be relaxin'
Smokin', chokin', rollin' blunts and, but we won't spend no money
Them sacks gotta be lovely, or we ain't fuckin' with y'all
Y'all give me that. We don't want that. Don't give me that, want no stress sack
No, me don't want that
Not in Californ-I-A
I want that bomb bud
It really makes me happy and it makes me sing
Every puff that I breathe, potent herbs and leaves could ease the world
I done been to the other side, and I seen London and Paris niggas get fuckin' bloody high
Feelin' the vibe
Mary Jane's worldwide, so why is it such a crime?
Hey, everybody should be gettin' high
So Mr. Weedman, you know we lookin' for the trees with no seeds, man
Yeah. Yeah
We got the cheese, and we need to know if you can show me the nigga with the weed, man
Where can I get it (can I get it)?