[Intro]
(
Turn me up, YC
)

[Chorus]
Huh? (What?)
Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit but they still ain't sayin nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy hoe said somethin' (Ah)
How it go when I'm talkin, you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)

[Verse 1]
Hunnids and fifties, can't swap a dime for a penny
You know that's a stupid decision (Yup)
Head first with it
I shot a shot at my nigga bitch, really didn't think before I did it (No)
Make it make sense (Please)
Luckily I was on point with the last hoe, kept my receipts (Why?)
Warranty good, made sure I gotta full refund
When I gave her back to the streets (Go)
Forever I rep, put the set on the chain
I'm thuggin, you already know how I came (Know how)
Yeah, he got money but niggas be lame
I Lambo'd her life, told her get out that Range
Her mani and pedi same color as my teeth (White)
She gotta blue check and a check without me (Nice)
Hood nigga ridin' in a foreign on E (Still)
Sick of these niggas, COVID-19 (Ugh)
Karate’d the wock, he tryna kick the cup  (Shake it)
Came up like Giannis, I get bigger bucks (Made it)
Got four different choppers, right there in this truck (Now)
I'm just being honest, I could get you touched (Brr)
Put you in the blender, I could get you slushed (Haha)
I see the comments but really unbothered
I know it's hurtin' she salty I scarred her
Beware what you lay up and say to these bitches they can't hold water (Period)

[Chorus]
Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit but they still ain't sayin nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy hoe said somethin' (Ah)
How it go when I'm talkin, you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)

[Verse 2]
I thought a nigga who watch what I do but he can't get his bitch back said somethin' (Tuh)
Is it true that he postin' another nigga money? Probably, I don't put that past him (Maybe so)
I thought a ho that be speakin' on me but be fuckin' a broke nigga said somethin' (Listen)
Hol' up lil' bitch, get a nigga that's lit, I'm the whole loaf, he the breadcrumbs (Go)
Rappers with they mixed feelings (What?)
I ain't fuckin' with 'em (Nope)
Like a Richard Mille, let me know what time it is
Bagg where da Runtz at? (Huh?) (Huh?)
Know you got it on, you 'posed to be smell-proof, bussin' out the vacuum seal
These niggas lil' boys, childish, Fisher Price
Confident I'm not cocky so get it right
She bendin' over but I want some head first
I don't even wanna know what the pussy like
Trippin' too close to fallin' so I'm ballin'
It's crazy my opp got shot but I ain't call it (Sike, slow up)
I come around, niggas gon' put they hoe up
These bitches stay on my channel (Yeah)
Must've seen me on TV (Yeah)
It took me six hours to count a mil' exactly
I'm accurate with the cheese, yeah (Big Bagg)

[Chorus]
Huh? (What?)
Ah, I thought a broke nigga said somethin' (Ah)
Talkin' shit but they still ain't sayin nothin' (Ain't sayin' nothin')
We gon' trap this bitch out 'til the feds come (Run it up, run it up)
Huh? (What she say?)
Ah, I thought a pussy hoe said somethin' (Ah)
How it go when I'm talkin, you listen (Just listen)
Cut her off 'cause she spoke on the business (Go)