Part I: "Stuck in the Mud"

[Chorus: Isaiah Rashad, SZA, & Isaiah Rashad & SZA]
Stuck in the mud
Hoes, dreamers, stuck in the mud
Look at what the reaper got you, stuck in the mud
Range, Beamers, stuck in the mud
Two tens on the inside, stuck in the mud
Hoes, dreamers, stuck in the mud
Look at what the reaper got you, stuck in the mud
Range, Beamers, stuck in the mud

[Verse 1: Isaiah Rashad]
Give me a day where I can play and I can pamper my wrist
Chrome, inside, pampers and shit
Grown and defenseless, long for my sister
Songs that'll get you home, my nigga
I got a blunt inside my granny whip
Like my granny did
When she was dealin' with them damages
Yeah, turkey bacon cabbages
Ooh, uh, what happened on a Saturday?
Yeah, we took a Yukon just to grab my folks
I need a Groupon for all this dope
I know I do fine, but what did you find?
That bullshit, but, in due time
We acting like we living right, um, big pimpin'
These broads see stars, my nigga
We are on guard and killing
Y'all niggas hopeless, quote it

[Chorus: Isaiah Rashad, SZA, & Isaiah Rashad & SZA]
Haha, stuck in the mud
Hoes, dreamers, stuck in the mud
Look at what the reaper got you, stuck in the mud
Range, Beamers, stuck in the mud
Two tens on the inside, stuck in the mud
Hoes, dreamers, stuck in the mud
Look at what the reaper got you, stuck in the mud
Range, Beamers, (Yeah) stuck in the mud

[Verse 2: Isaiah Rashad]
Look, bitch! Ain't how that shit when I be talking
And I get livid on that liquor
I give a fuck about you, I want some bossa nova
You wanna see the tower, I wanna meet the quota
You look like everybody, and if my Henny body focus
And if my Henny body focus
I'm baptized in that chastised, 100-proof dummy soup
Junkie in my attic, everybody home
Everybody home
I got a zip we can split, don't let everybody know
Yeah, keep it on the floor
Long arm with that quick stash
Top Dawg do your bitch bad
With a big bag
Yeah, holler if you with that (Holler if you with that)
Yeah, 20 on this kickback
Looking like... Haha, aww, shit, yeah

[Chorus: Isaiah Rashad, & Isaiah Rashad & SZA]
Two tens on the inside, stuck in the mud
Hoes, dreamers, stuck in the mud
Look at what that reaper got you, stuck in the mud
Range, Beamers, stuck in the mud
Two tens on the inside, stuck in the mud
Hoes, dreamers, stuck in the mud
Look at what the reaper got you, stuck in the mud
Range, Beamers, stuck in the mud

[Interlude: Isaiah Rashad]
Yeah, dun, dun
Ooh, now
I be lookin' like a... ooh, yeah
And I... ooh, now
I be looking like a...
Ooh, now

[Chorus: Isaiah Rashad]
Yeah, with two tens on the inside...
Hoes, dreamers...
Look at what that reaper got you...
Range, Beamers...

[Outro: Isaiah Rashad]
Yeah, yeah, y-yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, y-yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, y-yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, y-yeah, yeah
Y-yeah, yeah, yeah, owh—

Part II: "Banned Up"

[Intro: Isaiah Rashad]
So...
Yeah

[Chorus 1: Isaiah Rashad]
Yeah, pop a Xanny, make your problems go away
Yeah, like
Yeah, pop a Xanny, make your problems go away
Yeah, ugh, see
I can handle, make your bottle go away
Yeah, magic, ooh
Pop a Xanny, make your problems go away
Yeah, ugh, what
But I can handle, make the bottle go away
Magic, ugh

[Bridge: Isaiah Rashad]
Can I? Can I?
Can I?
Yeah, can I?

[Verse: Isaiah Rashad]
Can I sleep for a while?
Can I work on myself? I ain't lovin' no more
So if they pull up on the side, I ain't duckin' no more
This is after the half, an emotional dip
I was going too hard, I was sexting this shit
Take a line, baby, spill your mind, baby
This is just a California mind statement
Ooh, shots from the Ruger, shots from the Ruger
Somebody died, but don't nobody care
It's all bugged out, I'm still drugged out
We miss the couch, and the lean at my cuz house

[Chorus 2: Isaiah Rashad]
Just pop a Xan, baby, make your problems go away
Yeah-yeah, whoa, wait
See, I can handle, make the bottle go away (Ayy!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Oww!)
Just pop a Xanny, make your problems go away, yeah
Yeah, ugh
And, I can handle (Hahaha), make the bottle go away (I can—)
Yeah, wow, whoa, whoa

[Bridge: Isaiah Rashad]
My cousin got a 'scrip, I'm tryna make it flip (Yeah)
One baby mama cool, one baby mama trip (Yeah)
No matter what I do, there always be some shit (Yeah)
That nigga need a hug, and I just need a fifth
My cousin got a 'scrip, I'm tryna make it flip
One baby mama cool, one baby mama trip
No matter what I do, there always be some shit
This nigga need a hug, and I just need a fifth (I need a)

[Chorus: Isaiah Rashad]
Pop a Xan, baby (Yeah), shit
(No matter what I do, it always be some shit)
Make your problems go away, I can handle, yeah
(No matter what I do, it always be some)
Look (Need a plug), make your problems go away, yeah

[Bridge: Isaiah Rashad]
Quarters and halves, joint and a ban
Fucking your mind up
Quarters and halves, joint and a ban
Fucking your mind up, yeah-yeah
Alright now bitches gon' be bitches, and you niggas gon' be hoes
Only pop it 'cause you heard it in a song, yeah
Bitches gon' be bitches, niggas gon' be hoes
Only pop it 'cause you heard it in a song, yeah

[Outro: Isaiah Rashad]
Quarters and halves, joint and a ban
Fucking your mind up! Yeah
Alright, now, quarters and halves, joint and a ban
Fucking your mind up, ehh, ahh!
Alright, now, quarters and bans, now motherfucking the bans
Now, motherfucking your mind up (I, wha)
Fuckin' your mind up, that fuck with your mind up (I was)
The fuck where your mind was? (I pop that)
Pop, uh-ahh up (I'm on my)
Pop, pop, pop, pop (I need my)
Up, up, opp, opp, ugh (Gon' be mine)
Gon' be mine, gon' be mine
Come to here, shut up, bih
That right there, that right there
Hahahaha, yeah