[Verse 1: Rob $tone]
Rob $tone, two damn phones
Babylons can't crack the code
Used to sip out styrofoam
But figured I should stick to dro (Weed!)
Backwoods overload
Don't like to smoke them Swishers, hoe (Yup!)
If you hit my liquor store
It's 50 cents for single Ports

[Chorus: Rob $tone]
Said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed (What?)
I said, "Baby, just buy dutches cause you can't smoke for free"
I got some loud but no money, babe, buy me a Fiji
She said you need a job, bitch, fuck a job, I still get cheese

[Verse 2: D.R.A.M.]
Yeah, yeah, Big Baby
She all on me cause my dick crazy
Black, dark Patrick Swayze
Feel like I am in the mid-80s
Cause I am a real rockstar
Really did a song with Neil Young
Day ones hit the block hard
The block is where I get these pills from, yah, yeah
I don't even know just how I ended up here
I mean I got here from the grind, but how I get in this chair?
I mean I only popped a Xan and drank some liquor and beer
You say you couldn't understand me cause I'm not speakin' clear
I be gettin' pussy in zombie mode (Mode)
The reason is because I don't recall it, yo (Yo)
I woke up wishing that she'd call me though (Yo)
Only thing that I remember is she slide me slow

[Chorus: Rob $tone]
Said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed (What?)
I said, "Baby, just buy dutches cause you can't smoke for free"
I got some loud but no money, babe, buy me a Fiji
She said you need a job, bitch fuck a job I still get cheese

[Verse 3: Denzel Curry]
Super high, you just might need a receiver
Sativa, two liters, I might need a re-up
I'm dorky, I'm geeked up, 3 phones and a beeper, bust it
Still couldn't reach me without the antenna
Eyes open wide, that is my panorama
Panoramic view, and the scene is so beautiful
Blowin' Os, that's a hula hoop, beat the pussy like Fruity Loops
I'm the realest nigga ever, it's a fact cause I'm livin' proof
Now I'm high, I'm really high, I feel my face is numbing
Feeling that I'm born again, I am the second coming
Simon says get out my head
That's what my thoughts would tell me
Now the mockingbird is dead, my memories would tell me

[Verse 4: Cousin Stizz]
I'm the fuckin' Fresh Prince, yeah
But right now I'm Ill Bill (Yeah)
Akon, I still kill
Burnin' these hundreds like lil' bills (Yeah)
My life is cold
I think about it and feel chills
My dogs is hungry for big meals (My dogs is hungry)
I just count money and peel seals (Yeah)
Pour up a pint
Roll me one nice cause I'm wavy, no gills here (Ayy!)
What it look like? (What it look like?)
I'm gettin' love from the hood cause I'm still there (Yeah)
When I get right on the charts like I live there
Niggas be old news and act like we still care
She wanna ride me like steerin' wheel (Yeah)
Girl, it's the morning, you still here?
I thought I told you I'm good on these hoes (I thought I told you)
I just need money to get me some more
Callin' my plug like, "Ayy what it hit for?"
Been on my grind even when I was broke (Yeah, yeah)
From the corners, hell yeah that's for sure (Yeah that's for sure)
We up, niggas, never been here before
Ain't no limits when you kick in the door (Kick in the door)
Damn, she said I'm chill, yeah I know

[Chorus: Rob $tone]
Said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed (What?)
I said, "Baby, just buy dutches cause you can't smoke for free"
I got some loud but no money, babe, buy me a Fiji
She said you need a job, bitch, fuck a job, I still get cheese