[Intro]
Infrared, yeah, you kn
o
w
 what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?

[Verse]
The game's fucked up
Niggas’ beats is bangin', nigga, ya hooks did it
The lyric pennin' equal the Trumps winnin’
The bigger question is how the Russians did it
It was written like Nas, but it came from Quentin
At the mercy of a game where the codes is missin'
When the CEO's blinded by the glow it's different
Believe in myself and the Coles and Kendricks
Let the sock puppets play in their roles and gimmicks
Shit, remember Will Smith won the first Grammy?
And they ain't even recognize Hov until "Annie"
So I don't tap dance for the crackers and sing Mammy
'Cause I'm ’posed to juggle these flows and nose candy (yugh)
Ferrari, my 40th, blew the candles out
Tom Brady’d you niggas, I had to scramble out
They be ridin' these waves, I pulled my sandals out
Jefe Latin my Grammy, I went the Spanish route
Oh, now it’s okay to kill Baby?
Niggas looked at me crazy like I really killed a baby
Salute Ross 'cause the message was pure
He see what I see when you see Wayne on tour
Flash without the fire
Another multi-platinum rapper trapped and can't retire
Niggas get exposed, I see the cracks and I'm the liar?
Shit, I’ve been exposed, I took the crack and built the wire
Now who do you admire?
Your rap songs is all tryin' my patience
Them prices ain't real without inflation
I done flew it, I done grew it, been a conduit
Moynat bags on my bitches, I done blew it
See through it, neck, igloo it
Habla en español, I "y tu" it
Let Steven talk streamin' and Shazam numbers
I'll ensure that you gettin' every gram from us
Let's cram numbers, easily
The only rapper sold more dope than me was Eazy-E
How could you ever right these wrongs
When you don't even write your songs?
But let us all play along
We all know what niggas for real been waitin' on
Push

[Outro]
I do, so, yeah
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
Infrared, yeah, you know what I mean?
I'm gone, I'm gone, you hear me?
I'm gone