[Intro: All]
Everything will be alright, yeah
(Alright, yeah, alright, yeah)

[Verse 1: Beyoncé, Carrie Underwood]
The heart is stronger than you think
It's like it can go through anything
And even when you think it can't
It finds a way to still push on, though
Sometimes you wanna run away
Ain't got the patience for the pain
And if you don't believe it, look into your heart
The beat goes on, oh

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna, Miley Cyrus, Sheryl Crow, Beyoncé]
I'm tellin' you, things get better, through whatever
If you fall, dust it off, don't let up
Don't you know you can go be your own miracle?
You need to know, ooh yeah

[Chorus: Sheryl Crow, with Beyoncé]
If the mind keeps thinking you've had enough
But the heart keeps telling you don't give up
Who are we to be questioning, wondering what is what?
Don't give up
Through it all, just stand up!

[Verse 2: Fergie, Leona Lewis, Keyshia Cole]
Ooh, it's like we all had better days
Problems getting all up in your face
Just because you go through it
Don't mean it gotta take control, no-oh-oh
You ain't gotta find no hiding place
Because the heart can beat the hate
Don't wanna let the mind keep playin' you
And sayin' you can't go on

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna, Miley Cyrus, LeAnn Rimes, Natasha Bedingfield, (Carrie Underwood)]
I'm tellin' you, things get better, through whatever
If you fall, dust it off, don't let up
Don't you know you can go be your own miracle?
(You need to know, ooh, that)

[Chorus: All, Melissa Etheridge]
If the mind keeps thinking you've had enough (I've had enough)
But the heart keeps telling you don't give up (No, don't you give up)
Who are we to be questioning, wondering what is what? (What, what?)
Don't give up (Don't give up, just stand up)
Through it all, just stand up! (Just stand up)
Through it all, just stand up! (Just stand up)

[Bridge 1: Mary J. Blige, Ciara, Rihanna & Carrie Underwood]
You don't gotta be a prisoner in your mind
If you fall, dust it off
You can live your life (Yeah)
Let your heart be your guide (Yeah)
Oh-ooh (Yeah, yeah)

[Bridge 2: Mariah Carey, Ashanti, Mary J. Blige]
And you will know that you're good if you trust in the good
Everything will be alright, yeah (Alright)
Light up the dark if you follow your heart
And it will get better
Through whatever

[Chorus: All, Mary J. Blige, Beyoncé, Mariah Carey]
If the mind keeps thinking you've had enough (If the mind is thinking you've had enough)
But the heart keeps telling you don't give up (Don't give up, don't give up, no, no, no)
Who are we to be questioning, wondering what is what? (Yeah yeah) (Ooh)
Don't give up (Don't give up)
Through it all, just stand up! (Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah-ah!)

[Chorus: All, Beyoncé, Keyshia Cole, Mariah Carey]
If the mind keeps thinking you've had enough (Oh, ooh whoa, ooh whoa, whoa)
But the heart keeps telling you don't give up (Ah, ah, ah) (Don't give up)
Who are we to be questioning, wondering what is what? (What, what is what?)
Don't give up (Don't give up, don't give up)
Through it all, just stand up!

[Outro: Fergie, Mariah Carey, All]
You got it in you, find it within (Everything will be alright, yeah)
You got it in you, find it within now
You got it in you, find it within
You got it in you, find it within now (Ah, ah, ah, ah-ah-ah!)
You got it in you, find it within (Everything will be alright, yeah)
You got it in you, find it within now
Find it within you, find it within

[Refrain: All]
Through it all, just stand up!