[Intro: XXXTENTACION]
Yeah, baby, Very Rare, Members Only, yeah, baby, yeah, baby
I'm with Ryan Santan in the motherfuckin' booth, yeah, baby
I got blood on my boots, baby, yeah, baby (Gang, gang, gang)
Yeah, baby, throw that ass back on a tricycle, baby, yeah (Ayy, ayy)

[Chorus 1: XXXTENTACION & Ski Mask The Slump God]
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up (Yeah)
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, yeah (Yeah, yeah, huh, ayy)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (Yeah)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (Yeah, bitch)
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up (Yeah, bitch)
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, yeah (Huh, yeah, bitch, yeah)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (Bitch, yeah)
You done fucked up, you done fucked up (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1: XXXTENTACION]
George W. Bush right on her pussy, yeah (Uh, Uh, Uh)
Yeah, Curious George ​nigga lookin' boy, you so puss', yeah (Uh, uh, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, hit my line for the nigga dick, check my Twitter, yeah
Yeah, they call me Yung Dagger Dick, that's my handle, yeah (Uh, uh, uh, yeah)
Yeah, she grab on my dick like a handle, ayy
Lil' bitch, I got on Jesus sandals, hey
X is an animal, mammal, ayy
Lil' bitch got the back of a camel (Huh? Yeah)
Pussy boy, you look like a Randall (Yeah)
Pussy boy, you look like a Daniel (Yeah)
Bitch, I'm known to get ghost, Danny Phantom
And if you throwing, throw the pussy through a tantrum, whoa

[Chorus 2: Ski Mask the Slump God]
Ayy, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, "Who?" Hey
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, "You," hey
Pussy nigga know he done fucked up, ayy
Lame nigga better know his luck up, ayy
Pussy nigga know he fucked up
Lame nigga better know his luck up
Ayy, fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, who? Hey
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked up, you, hey
Pussy nigga know he fucked up
Lame nigga better know his luck up, ayy
Pussy nigga know he fucked up
Lame nigga better know his luck up (Ayy, ayy)

[Verse 2: Ski Mask the Slump God]
Like it's Noah's Ark, that pussy wet, no water-park, mm
She said, "Drop that meat in me just like a shopping cart," mm
Told me, "Head straight to the back" just like I'm Rosa Parks, mm
Walked up in the bank with pack that smell like donkey fart, pf
RuneScape poison dagger, ayy
Fuck my conscience, I'll stab ya (C'mere)
Ask that ho, "What's vrackin'?" (What's vrackin'?)
Slide up on a nigga like a care package (Woo)
Bare in that pussy like Smokey, mm (Smokey?)
Chain swing like rodeo ropy, mm (Ropy)
Diamonds so wet that they soapy, mm (Shine!)
Watch them mingle like they do the hokey-pokey (Hokey pokey, okay!)
Egg yolk color diamonds, humpty dumpty horror story, ayy
Feel like Dexter, got double-D's in my laboratory, hey (Yeah)
Eat it with the sweet-sour sauce like six-piece sauce
Freedom, fuck the cops, free Keke (Free Keke)
Wreck a pussy nigga, come see me, uh (See me)
Make him say goodbye like Luigi, ayy (Bye, bye!)

[Outro Instrumental]