[Chorus]
I'm willing to die for this shit
I'm ready to flip it and end up in prison the rest of my life for this shit
So my momma ain't want me, she got an abortion
I end up surviving this shit
And if I wanted somethin', I ain't got the money
I'd probably be robbing and shit
Don't know how much I cry for this shit
Said I am willing to ride for this shit
You know murder's my hobby, inside of my closet's a bunch of dead bodies and shit
Niggas say that I'm cursed 'cause I go to church and stare at the Bible and shit
Shawty say I'm the worst cause I do my dirt, and I don't be hiding this shit

[Verse]
Bitch, I'm a savage I spit at you bastards, I wonder what you gonna do to me, ho
I need to hear some more rapping
I'm just not impressed by your cash or your jewelry, ho
All you my soldiers and I'm a lieutenant
Goddammit, you should be saluting me, ho
I hope you know I ain't going nowhere
All you rappers just better get used to me, ho
Nigga, I'm Mr. Blue with my jeans, bought me a Jeep, 'cause I wasn't riding as much
My bank account looking weak, don't look at me, I ain't got time for no fun
Starting to feel like Tyrese, I'm 'bout to trip, and maybe start crying or som'
I might just hit up the Smith's, throw me a fit and wait for my wire to come
Ain't nobody give or show me love when I was coming up, I had to double up and tell these niggas buckle up before they ride
And they don't really wanna knuckle up, I hit 'em with the uppercut, I had these motherfuckers running for they life
Unidentified craft when I'm flying past, I'm an alien sailin' and if you look up in the sky
Blow your mind back, put your eyes back to your iPad, I'm an Iraqi in suicide
When the bombs are loaded and your mind explode in the wind
And you gon' sit down, repent
I was raised in the sewer; me and the 𝘐𝘵 clown are friends
Red balloons for your kids, sink my tooth in ya bitch
I lost too many friends, I don't do good with kids
What you know about riding dirty in the evening?
What you know about Ramen Noodles, and a pack of sazon seasoning
What you know about leaving the oven door open when there's no heat again
And the rent is due and your landlord try and throw you out on the streets again
Nigga, I was always dreaming of a Bentley and a fucking Lamborghini when I win 'em, I'ma finally get a break
If I didn't get it way before, I guarantee that if I talk to God, then I can say I got it when I prayed
She don't really want me to get petty, turn her dime into a penny, but she know I got a lot of shit to say
I can turn some water into henny, drink it up and let the semi shoot, I'll pop you niggas all up in the face
Blood all up in the lake, I
Wanna see your wake die
They don't wanna wave bye
Creep when I came by, teeth like a canine
Bleed through your Levi, we from the East Side
Eat when the beat's hot, tea from the teapot
Aim for the tree top, beg till your knees pop
Skrrt in a Nissan, swerve into three cars
You just a bird in a beehive, you just a cold in a room full of germs
Nigga, I said all of my idols and favorite rappers ain't been rhyming a lot
What the fuck happened to Jay Electronica? I wonder if he still got it or not
Whatever happened to Elzhi?
Whatever happened to Meth? What happened to Beans? Whatever happened to Lauryn?
What happened to Banks? Tell me what happened to Bleek?
What the fuck happened to Mos? What happened to Missy?
Nigga, what happened to Ghost?
Whatever happened to Cube?
What up with Common? What the fuck, where did they go?
Tell me what happened to Budden's, what about Luda?
I hope they ain't losing it now
Hope they get back to the music 'cause I need some new shit
I'm sick of these new niggas out, I'm that new nigga now

[Bridge]
I got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
Nine niggas wanna war, 10 niggas on the floor, 11 niggas on the porch
12 killers wanna war, 13 carnivores, 14 Labradors, 15 dinosaurs, 16 Avatars
17 bombs or grenades at your rental car, 18 ways you can die when you have it all
I got I got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
Nine bitches wanna fuck, 10 niggas wanna rush, 11 hitters on a bus
12 think they one of us, 13 other guns, 14 runners-up, 15 rubber gloves, 16 double pumps
17 shots in your face till you cuddle up, 18 ways you can die tryna fuck with us

[Chorus]
I'm willing to die for this shit
Said I'm ready to flip it and end up in prison the rest of my life for this shit
And my momma ain't want me, she got an abortion
I end up surviving this shit
Shit if I wanted somethin', I ain't got the money
I'll probably be robbing this shit
Don't know how much I cry for this shit
Said I am willing to die for this shit
You know murder's my hobby, inside of my closet's a bunch of dead bodies and shit
Niggas say that I'm cursed 'cause I go to church and stare at the Bible and shit
Shawty say I'm the worst cause I do my dirt, and I don't be hiding this shit
Joyner, wooh!