[Intro]
I'm that bitch (Yeah)
Been that bitch, still that bitch (Ah)
Will forever be that bitch (Forever be that bitch)
Yeah (Ayy, ah)

[Verse 1]
I'm the hood Mona Lisa, break a nigga into pieces
Had to X some cheesy niggas out my circle like a pizza (Yeah)
I'm way too exclusive, I don't shop on Insta' boutiques
All them lil' ass clothes only fit fake booties
Bad bitch, still talking cash shit
Pussy like water, I'm unbothered and relaxing
I would never trip on a nigga if I had him
Bitch, that's my trash, you the maid, so you bagged him, ah

[Chorus]
I'm a savage (Yeah)
Classy, bougie, ratchet (Yeah)
Sassy, moody, nasty (Hey, hey, yeah)
Acting stupid, what's happening? (Woah, woah)
Bitch, what's happening? (Woah, woah)
Bitch, I'm a savage, yeah
Classy, bougie, ratchet, yeah
Sassy, moody, nasty, huh
Acting stupid, what's happening?
Bitch, what's happening? (Ayy, ah)

[Verse 2]
Eat me and record it, but your edge-up all I'm showing (Ah)
I keep my niggas private, so his AP all I'm showing (Baow)
Beefing with you bitches really getting kinda boring
If it ain't about the money, then you know I'm gon' ignore it
I'm the shit, ooh (Ayy)
I need a mop to clean the floor, it's too much drip, ooh (Too much drip, ooh)
I keep a knot, I keep a watch, I keep a whip, ooh (I keep a whip, baow)
Let's play a game, Simon says I'm still that bitch, ayy (Still that bitch)
I'm still that bitch, yeah (Ah)

[Chorus]
I'm a savage
Classy, bougie, ratchet (Yeah)
Sassy, moody, nasty (Yeah)
Acting stupid, what's happening? (What's up?)
Bitch, what's happening? (What's up?)
Bitch, I'm a savage, yeah
Classy, bougie, ratchet, yeah (Bitch)
Sassy, moody, nasty, huh
Acting stupid, what's happening? (What's up?)
Bitch, what's happening?

[Verse 3]
Bitch, I'm lit like a match, ooh
And any nigga I let hit is still attached, ooh
That body right, but you know this pussy fat, ooh
I drop a picture, now these bitches feel attacked, ayy
Don't let that nigga gas you up and get you whacked, ooh
I make a call and get a pussy nigga smacked, uh
These bitches talkin' 'bout pulling up, well, where you at? Ooh
I'm in a Lam', bitch, catch me if you can, ooh
I'm kickin' bitches out they spot, Stalli' Chan, yeah (Ah, yeah)

[Outro]
Niggas say I taste like sugar, but ain't shit sweet (Ah)
Mwah
Ayy, ayy, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, mwah