[Verse 1: XXXTENTACION]
Rap quitter, knack of the sack, nigga
Who blizzards this rap, bigger than men of a pack
Grin to the top of the gat, grip, and I'm busting up wack niggas
Tarter or plaque, nigga? What do you choose?
Simply irrelevant, mhm, cynical, evident
Please, wrestling evidence, keys
Moving when definite
Sole goals for the president
Bleed red for the government, he's...

[Interlude: XXXTENTACION]
"Hahaha!"

[Verse 2: XXXTENTACION]
Love is not kissing, hugs, sharing fucking drugs
Pictures on your birthday, pictures of making love
It's dedication, trust and patience and compromise
Not do or die, ultimatums for you and I
I feel a vibe between us fade and I fucking hate it
I cut myself constantly, hate myself, and creating
Pain within your heart and I'm thinking this pistol tempting
Screaming out to my demons "get even within yourself."
She crying, she need your help, and you selfish, think 'bout yourself?
All these problems created extended from hated self, and I...

[Interlude: XXXTENTACION]
"Ah-hahaha, that's all I got right now"

[Verse 3:]
Not saying I'm the best
I'm saying that I'm tryna be, minus the excess
Beating on my chest, get checked up
Beat the beat, a boulder pro
That's too quick too, outdoing all the older folks
They be Voldermorts, I'm the Harry Potter
"Aye, what you think, son?" That trash don't carry water
Unless I scare your daughter or run up in a room
I be flying across the moon with a broom, I'm witch!

[Verse 4: YFN Lucci]
50 Central, no stutter in my step
Money on my like that nigga lost a bet
Can't wait to blow her back, she blanking
Burn these hoes in my pocket
Cash speed and lighting up, I'm on a 50 Central rocket
Why don't y'all get on the short bus?
In it, come off of the short bus
We be up here in the short bus
[?] and you heard us
I don't write lines, I just spit it off the dome
No penning pal wth my enemies, we don't get along

[Verse 5: Waka Flocka Flame]
Misdirected and the cops are wrong
Men that ratted on each other, then they back at home
Acting like it never happened, backstabbing? Woah
Horse necks, another rapper dead, no flex
I'm going at they head, who the best, cause it's checked
Closed mouths never get fed, take the food off your plate
Chew it in your face, motherfucker
I can't hear your shit, moment of sirens
Condoning the violence if you're proposing the rising
They fanbase mad, I killed they favorite rapper
Fuck it, I'm still they favorite trapper's favorite trapper
Fuck freestyles, kill 'em with this written rhyme
And all these coke head niggas better get in line
No subliminals, I'm direct, getting off
Your clique is soft, tell your bitch kick it with a boss
We two people from the bottom of a different lane
Course I feel your pain, feel like I was born again
This the tiger and the lion, this is David and Goliath
The Quran and the Bible, the pistol and the rifle
In the cypher, I ignite you
It's a cold fucking world and I'm sneezing bricks

[Verse 6:]
I put this outfit on, knowing that Trump might curse at me
But I still black out in an all black Kap' jersey
Listen, I don't think you heard me
I black out in this all black Kapernick jersey
And for the sake of being free
Why don't we all stand with Kapernick and just take a knee?
So we can reverse the pattern of police brutality cause black lives matter, yah!

[Verse 7:]
In the hood, we don't listen
Think I ain't getting money? I would say that you were tripping
All of it's legal though, ain't no flipping chickens in kitchens
It's hard to fit in my pocket, pardon me if I'm limping
Now if I fall in love with this money, that's when I'm sinning
Behind this real piece of paper, I ain't losing my religion
My dog on the beat, had to dance it like New Edition
In a '98 Honda, but this ain't the new edition
Now I could be a lamborghini, yeah a new edition
But it's unappreciated the second it's been driven
I rather see my money on desks stacking and flipping
I get a rush out of turning ten G's into a million
Knowing you come from nothing, there's somethings I love McFilling
I just use it to challenge the Almighty has given
Now they calling him in to the men, women, and children
Who questioning why the living and facing the opposition
You gotta change your vision, when haters see you winning, they like
"No, nah, no, nah, no he didn't!"