[Intro: Layzie Bone & 
Felicia
]
One shot, niggas call the cops, cause there's some pussy ass niggas round here
One shot, hey!
Two shots, it'll pass you in, and make them pussy niggas get from round here
Two shots, oh...
And we gon ride, and we gon ride...
Bone Thugs, Mo Thugs, Thugline!
And we gon ride, and we gon ride, and...
We gon ride!

[Verse 1: Layzie Bone]
We gon ride, 'til the motherfuckin wheels fall off
It's that Bone Thug nigga with them still-ass balls
We let 'em hang and the sparks fly
I'm talkin about scrapin the streets and nigga movin so fast we turnin the dark light!
Ya niggas really don't want no friction from the automatics
You niggas ain't got enough money, sonny, I ain't even braggin
I'm in the toll taggin, collectin plenty paper
And if a nigga was strugglin, I'll probably pull a 'caper
These niggas is haters and they smilin in my face
Tappin like they need a gig, tryna get your boy erased
I hear the whispers say I talk a mean game
But I walk it like I talk it, plus I got a mean aim
Seem strange, cause them thugs keep on creepin up out of the cut
Like every other summer, just to fuck a nigga up
We got them +Thugs+ on the +Line+, got them +Thugs+ screamin +Mo!+
It's 2006, Krayzie let these niggas know, c'mon!

[Verse 2: Krayzie Bone]
Now wait a minute, who said that we out of business?
Tell that nigga to quit the goddamn games, before we lit em
Hit 'em up, what! It ain't no duckin once we get to buckin
We shoot from the floor to the roof, or the thugs does it!
That Cleveland criminal hardcore shit, the girls love it!
And it really don't matter if you cuss or bust, fuck it!
Every nigga can feel it cause they recognizin the realest
But nigga, try me, you really be jeopardizin your livin here!
But don't make me to get my dier and have to boo-ya!
Some of the niggas gon have to get down, cause we'll do y'all
If you don't want the beef, nigga don't talk that shit!
Dog, the nine milli-heater gon bite after the ball, naw!
Katrina and Rita, ain't got nothin at all
On the bandages and damages that we gon put on y'all, for sure!
Run on up if ya want, cause we ready!
Indeed I keep the sweeper best believe we heated heavy, like that!

[Chorus: Felicia]
No way, no how, can't none of y'all see them Cleveland Thug Boys!
No way, no how, ain't none of y'all fuckin with them Bone Boys!
No way, no how, can't none of y'all see them Cleveland Thug Boys!
No way, no how, ain't none of y'all fuckin with them Bone Boys!

[Verse 3: Thin C]
I was forced to make butter from the gutter, cream off the scene
Find the 8th wonder of the world in the streets
Band on bricks 'till my fist was bloody
Turn, hella corners in the '74 'Cutty
Buddy, you don't wanna come against this
Black fist, born to make history
Born from the misery
Grindin for a meal, searchin for a deal
Pranced in old, torn clothes
Keep it real bitch, I ain't start off rich
And I'm still mud-foot in, nigga shit ain't changed
One word too many, get your mouth rearranged
One nigga too many, shells go click-click
Clack-clack, clang-clang, bang-bang-BANG!
Your shit's been split down to the white meat
Fuckin with these Cleveland Gs, yeah, it's likely
You ain't gotta like me, just don't try me
Get crossed up, death becomes untimely
While time keeps winding, niggas keep grinding
Chasin paper, so outrageous, they just stand by, staring in amazement
You don't wanna be the one found under the basement
Gotta run your DNA just to find what your name is
Here's another victim of them Cleveland niggas!
Mo Thug, Bone Thug, get live niggas!

[Chorus: Felicia]
No way, no how, can't none of y'all see them Cleveland Thug Boys!
No way, no how, ain't none of y'all fuckin with them Bone Boys!
No way, no how, can't none of y'all see them Cleveland Thug Boys!
No way, no how, ain't none of y'all fuckin with them Bone Boys!

[Outro: Layzie Bone & 
Felicia
]
One shot, niggas call the cops, cause there's some pussy ass niggas round here
One shot, hey!
Two shots, it'll pass you in, and make them pussy niggas get from round here
Two shots, oh...
And we gon ride, and we gon ride...
Bone Thugs, Mo Thugs, Thugline!
And we gon ride, and we gon ride, and...
We gon ride!