[Intro]
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
You're far too kind

[Chorus]
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar

[Verse 1]
Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back
Yeah, hearin' me rap is like hearin' G Rap in his prime
I'm Young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead
Back to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in Boeing jets, Global Express
Out the country, but the blueberry still connect
On the low, but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep
Grand openin', grand closin'
Goddamn, your man Hov' cracked the can open again
Who you gon' find doper than him?
With no pen, just draw off inspiration
Soon you gonna see you can't replace him
With cheap imitations for these generations

[Chorus]
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar

[Verse 2]
*Sighs* Look what you made me do! Look what I made for you!
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you
From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yeah)
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
When I come back like Jordan
Wearin' the 4-5, it ain't to play games with you
It's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens
Cocksucker, take one for your team!
And I need you to remember one thing (one thing)
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales to sold-out concerts
So, motherfucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream 'til your lungs get sore

[Interlude]
Owww, it's star time
This man is mean, he's killin' all y'all jive turkeys
Do y'all want more of the Jigga man?
Well, if y'all want more of the Jigga man
Then I need y'all to help me bring him back to the stage
Say "Hova!" – c'mon, say it!
Are y'all out there? [crowd chants "HO-VA! HO-VA!"]
C'mon, louder!
Yeah, now see that's what I'm talking about
They love you, Jigga! They love you, Jigga!

[Break]
I like the way this one feel
It's so motherfuckin' soulful, man!
(Whoaaaaaahhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh)
Yeah [crowd still chanting] okay