[Intro: Desiigner]
Hey
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey

[Verse 1: Desiigner]
I be ridin' 'round town in the coupe
Got the drop top hangin' like I'm Snoop, hey
You be frontin' like you want it, you can get it
Got my young boys hangin' off the roof, hey
Like Desiigner, he lean fiendin', he mean drippin'
Makin' loads of money, what it do, huh?
Don't watch my moves, can't watch my shoes
Can't clock my moves or watch my juice
I be ridin' 'round the town in the coupe
Got the drop top hangin' like I'm Snoop, hey
You be frontin' like you want it, you can get it
Got my young boys hangin' off the roof, hey
Like Desiigner, he's mean drippin', he lean trippin'
Making grips of money, what it do, huh?
Don't watch my moves, can't clock my moves
I got my juice, don't watch my juice
I be ridin' 'round the town in the coupe
Everybody here think that I'm Snoop, hey
Smokin' weed, sell Wiz like Khalifa
And them niggas know what I'ma do, hey
Like Desiigner, he mean drippin', he lean trippin'
Makin' loads of money, what it do? Hey
Got gold, my moves, everybody know I'm...
[*literal murmuring*]
I be ridin' 'round the town in the coupe
With the drop top hangin' like I'm Snoop
Hey, you be frontin' like you want it, you can get it
Got my young boys hangin' off the roof
Hey, life Desiigner, he's mean drippin', he lean trippin'
Making grips of money, what it do?
Hey, don't watch my moves, can't clock my moves
Don't watch my shoes, don't cop my juice
I be ridin' 'round... in the coupe
With the... top hangin' like I'm Snoop
Hey, you be frontin' like you want it, you can get it
Got my young boys hangin' off the roof, hey
Hey, life Desiigner, he's mean drippin', he lean trippin'
Making grips of money, what it do?
Huh, don't watch my moves, can't watch my shoes
Don't watch my juice, I got my juice
Ayy, git, ayy!

[Verse 2: Anderson .Paak & Desiigner]
Yes, Lord
I took your momma to Yard House, I took her to Yard House
I took your momma to Graystone, we got in with no problems
I bought us tickets to Keith Sweat, it was live at Pechanga
Look, I took your momma to Oxnard, we went surfin' on longboards
Like I hopped on the stage
I hopped off the stage, and got right on the plane
I know it's a tent, but I'm bringin' out Dre
I'm bringin' out K, I'm bringin' out TIP
I'm lookin' 3 Stacks in the face
I'm with the Free Nationals, what more can I say?
This shit is a trip
Lemonade, Lemonade, baby, I'm faithful
What more can I say?
I'm fuckin' the Fleshlight to cope with the pain
What more can I say?
She staring and wavin' (Git!)
I'm lookin' the other way, my mind on my paper
I don't like to slay her
But she Asian and thick so I might have to slay
(Grrrrraah!)
Chop suey for the sidepiece, sushi for the main
(Git)
Look how far we came, Tequila with the lime
(Wow) Ginger with the taste
I waited, I waited, I waited (Git!) I waited
I waited, I waited, I waited, I waited
I got in line (Grrrrraah!)
I did some records with Dre, I got my feet in the game
In one year I changed it, you niggas is late (Hiiigh!)
My son is amazin', he look Korean
But he dance like MJ, he only in Pre-K, this... (Grrrrrrah! Git, heyyy)

[Interlude: Lil Dicky, Anderson .Paak & Desiigner]
You say... you say you fucked a Fleshlight?
I fuckin'... to cope with the pain, bro
Bro, that's amazing (Git)
Lemonade, Lemonade
It's amazing (Grrrrraaaah!)
I fucked a bunch of Fleshlights
(Git, git, git, git)

[Verse 3: Lil Dicky & Desiigner]
New crib, doesn't got a driveway
Still pullin' out when I'm fuckin' by the fireplace
Bitch that I'm with used to fuck around with Gosling
I don't like to think about it, shit is so exhaustin'
Kissin' on your baby like the boy a politician
Spittin' out tough shit, overcooked chicken
Hoppin' out the Lyft, no tippin', I'm rich
So sick, gettin' blown, I'm just makin' a wish
Old boy gotta show out
Only thing that you and I alike is they pronouns
Girls tryna go out, white like a snowout
Hair so straight, no blow out
Touchdown score, no toe out
Run around the telly bein' loud as fuck
The maid stop comin' back, turn down for what?
The name hotter than a motherfuckin' crowded bus
That Lil Dicky got Double-XL, what?
Brrrrrat
Do it, do it!
(Grrrrraaah!)