[Intro]
Uh-uh
Woah, woah, woah
Mustard on the beat, ho

[Verse 1]
Why, why are you bringing this to work? (Work)
Don't you know that business comes first? (All the time)
Don't you know I been through the same shit and worse (Straight up)
Dead relationships, it's time to put it in the dirt (Dirt)
Why, why, why, why are you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch)
I got time for everythin' but this shit (No time)
Damn, everytime I'm real with you, I make it worse
Seems like every day you mad at me, you mad it hurt (Hurt, hurt)

[Chorus]
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (Huh?)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah

[Verse 2]
You must be tryna get rid of me
You know that shit don't sit with me (No)
You are the epitome of the shit that get to me
Chill, chill, chill, I don't mean to be cold, shit (Uh-huh)
Michigan one-below shit (No)
But you need to know this (Know)
Everytime you push me to the edge (Edge)
I just wish that you would shut up, give me head (Head)
I just wish that you would show a little respect (A little)
Because even we face-to-face, it's like we don't connect (Shit)

[Chorus]
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (I just gotta ask, like)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah

[Bridge]
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah
Oh-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 3]
I'm on a Mission Impossible
I turned my fantasy optical
Pot to piss in to a pot of gold
I got the lava flow
Vision bigger than Galapagos
Middle fingers to your honor though (Look)
You got an attitude problem, I got a lattitude problem
I'm up out the bullshit
You gon' make me get the mask
And the Batman like we in Gotham
Know that's an option
I'm a little off the Henessey
Just so you know the authenticity
Why you gotta be the centerpiece?
And kill off all the energy
Why can't we just live in synergy? (Huh? Huh?)

[Chorus]
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (I just gotta ask, like)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (Uh-huh)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
(Why? You need to keep that bullshit to yourself, man)
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (I gotta ask, like)
(You come around fuckin' the vibe up, we ain't got no time for that)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
(It's only time to boss up, straight up)

[Outro]
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah
Oh-oh-oh-oh (Uh-huh)
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (Why you bein' so)
Oh-oh-oh-oh