[Intro: Krayzie Bone]
Yeah come on come on come on, this is my family this is my family
My family, this is my family this is my family my family

[Verse 1: Layzie Bone]
Lord help me make up my mind
Which way do I turn when there's so much stress
Surroundin' me daily? This world's so cruel and shady
And I really do miss my baby, Baby Boi, oh boy
Me and yo' bigger brother we keeps it realer
You'll always be our lil' nigga, and I know yo' mama miss ya
Picture the day when I get my callin' but until then
I guess I'm stuck [Oh Fuck]
Little T, know I miss him much, when I get to heaven Baby Boi, What's up?
We can ride and roll, I know
Without these Po-Po trailin', bailin'
All the way to heaven betcha that's a promise
Comin' with tha bombs (bombs)
Niggas can't test us, creep defeat is all ya meet
Rollin with tha niggas that pack the heat
And a sack of weed, straight out of control
Testin souls, hoes, niggeroes, playa haters
And tha po-po as well, Nigga need Mail, everybody need mail, and we livin' in hell
Nigga really can't tell, So I, Prepare for the worst and I hope for the best
And the rest as written, some wanna treat me
Like I'm forbidden, but I'm just lookin' for the shit that's hidden
Could I be? Come a little bit closer
Why you cautious when you approach us?
Is ya scared of tha fact we soldiers?
Mo' Thug Records finna take shit over
Under my halo pray mo' say Mo' Thug wit love
To tha depth that tha game goes
Die all you hoes, foes, and you po-pos
Nigga better roll or get rolled over
We shuttin' shit down, and you
Know a nigga love to get buck wild
Pow come fuck wit me now [now, now]

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family..

[Verse 2: Bizzy Bone]
Thuggin, love sick, my hood is in drug prison
The end, is my mission, we heatin shit, why vision?
Been crooked, red handed sin is beginnin of my endin
I went in my benz, but, Why is my mind spinnin?
And then I'll say hey, fuck it
My family ain't livin' for nothin'
But strugglin was one of the reasons I'm thuggin
And steady stayed hustlin, where was my lovin?
Somebody tell me somethin, good for nothin
If I give you, what'll you touch?
Will you fuck it all up for the love of lust?
Hoes, I love you so, but unlike my friend you're just my foe
Peace till the end of the road, that's where I'll go
But no, nigga don't lose your soul
But it's so cold, Trust in mine, alright then we can roll.[roll, roll]

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family..

[Verse 3: Wish Bone]
Was ya, too young, mama, and daddy, when ya
Lay down and had some eggs?
I remember y'all breakin' up
And shippin us off back to the land, damn
What went wrong? Was it me? But I ain't mad at'cha
Cause outta all that shit I got two sista's and a brother
And I learned to harmony
On the streets, of tha Clair, that's where
I'm from y'all, on the streets of tha Clair
That's where I met Bone Thugs y'all
Aw shit, time to be a man
Gotta get out tha house cause I can't stand mommy's man
He talks with his hands
Come come creep on tha streets with me
That's where I learned how to sell drugs
It's where I learned how to pump slugs
It's necessary, necessary for me to get down for mine
So I creep and I grind
*knock knock* kickin down doors
Kill a nigga, sleep
Give it up or your dyin
And I know that shit was wrong but
Don't blame me, blame tha thugsta in me
Cause that's where that shit comes from [comes from]
Bloody red rum, nigga, we nuttin' but survivors
Rest in peace to the gang that collide with us
We survivors,that's why we be..

[Chorus: Krayzie Bone]
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family
This is my family, this is my family, my family..

[Verse 4: Krayzie Bone]
Get ready to duck bitch or get fucked up boy
Don't fuck around and get zipped in a body bag
Off in the grave and yo brains'll be hangin'
Damaged bodies dragged offff
Everyday we see mo' niggas hatin', fakin'
Playa hation, it's getting contagious
Why do these niggas think they can break us?
When I grab my pump y'all niggas
Better try to grab what's left of your chest
Niggas be talkin' and then they get caught up in shit, now meet them faces of death
We let'em keep talkin' man they dogged us man it's all the same
But what do we gain by givin' you niggas fame?
So we let the record show
Tha 44 mag'll tag em
Stack up them niggas who try to compete with the platinum
Harmony, callin me, follow me down to me corner
Slip up and ya gonna get blasted
What do you wanna test me for? Jealousy, nigga drop
Nigga we betcha plottin, that's why them triggaz be cocked, every time!
Shoot em, 99 times out of 100 we gon' hit somebody
Somebody gonna take a strippin, yeah!
Y'all niggas get carried off wit them bodies, mo mightiest
You'll find us, smokin' that grass
Nigga pass tha pump, hey RIP, they takin a loss and wakin up in that coffin
Oh we gettin at all of these playa hatas man, but when we come they run
But we're gonna catch'em and one day God forgive me
I don't know what got inna me, but pin me nigga, they'll all fall down
Way down face down, ain't got nothin but love
Still niggas wanna test my nuts
Sayin' nigga you know that[that, that, that]
You know we didn't know that, that
(Said nigga you know that[that, that, that])
Them thugsta niggas stay strapped! (Strapped!)
(I figured you'd know that that [that, that, that])
Won't hesitate to bust back! (Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!)
(You niggas should know that that [that, that, that]
My niggas we know that [that, that, that, that, that, that])
It's nineteen-ninety [ninety, ninety, ninety]
It's almost nineteen-ninety [ninety, ninety, ninety]
It's almost 1999, tee-nine, tee-nine nine nine nine! (Gunshot)