[Intro]
Southside on the track, yeah
Gang shit, nigga
Yeah
Fuck you talkin' 'bout, man?
This shit's got the most views out of everything I've ever put up on my shit
That little clip, that shit got a million views
I ain't never got no views on some shit out

[Verse 1]
Who you think you ahead of? Not us
In the S or the Porsche Carrera or some
Fuck twins like Tia and Tamera somethin'
Yeah, that boy gettin' bread, Panera, somethin'
Landed in the GT, leer or somethin'
Put Posto in the air or somethin'
Marry her, she havin' affairs
I'ma spin that ho like Pharris
Born in the Chi like Ye
But I do crimes like Bump J, I ain't scared of nothin'
Passport stamp, young nigga ran up that sack
Might as well go to Paris, huh?
Woofin, got whacked you embarrassed, huh?
Pussy you act like you scared of somethin'
Gon' and shoot up the terrorists (shoot up the terrorists)
Then they gon' realize it's serious (blah, blah)
I ain't even on that, period (period)
I'm makin' millions, I'm serious (I'm makin' millions)
That money come in various (furious)
Can't count it, I get delirious (delirious)
I bought my mama a mansion (a mansion)
So I can't trip over materials (yeah, yeah)
But I'm still dipped in that fashion
Know I stay drippin', that's period
These niggas drippin', that's period
Nah, they can't find me and I'm serious (serious)
They right behind, I'm serious (serious)
And I'm straight off the 9, now I'm serious
Who you gon' send to fuck with me?
Take stuff from me or from any of mine? Now I'm curious (I'm curious)
Better think 'fore you bust at me
If you miss, I'll clap a 50 and, man, now I'm furious
Dived in that water, dived like Aquarius
Young nigga, we was breakin' the barriers (breakin' the barriers)
If you grabbin' that torch, better carry it (better carry it)
Tryna hide on that porch on some scary shit (fuck yeah)

[Verse 2]
All I smoke is loud, you got that mild like Darius (yeah)
My son ain't gotta work because he gon' inherit it, uh huh (gon' inherit it)
We yell, "Gang-gang first," you don't even know your heritage (bitch)
Took the cash from verses, I give that shit to charity
Lovin' my city like Chano, I swear
Why the fuck I still gotta ride everywhere with it?
"Herb I seen you on the news, I was worried"
We was just jokin' with y'all, that's a parody
We don't talk too much, got D's everywhere (everywhere)
We still fresh, double G's everywhere (everywhere)
I put the VV's everywhere (everywhere)
I do Mike Amiri's, every pair
And they know me for shittin' on everybody
I'm the one that do shit that you hear about
I'm the one that told y'all that I move like Obama
Then how the fuck they end up with my whereabouts?
Hold on, everybody gotta clear it out
Middle of summer, hot like a sauna
We was laid back in the back of the Honda
Told young sneak up, anaconda
It ain't happen, I wasn't there, your Honor
I was somewhere eatin' Benihana's
Get valet and Lil' Benny to park it
All my life I had been in apartments
Move to balley, get a brib, I'm ballin'
My bitch always primpin', keep ballin'
Yes I'm a lil' workaholic
Hit the crib with a 50 and all 20's
I'ma just make her count all of 'em
But I get the backend all blues
Nah don't fuck around, bruh, do all of it
Know it's goin' right to lil' dude
Already got a closet, all shoes
Bought 10 pairs of baby G-Fazos
And my bitch got a closet with some Loubs
Cashed out on the crib, I ain't get the view
I'm like, "Fuck it, no problem, it'll do"
Mama's crib got a pond, not a pool
We had roaches and rats, I ain't get to move
I survived through it all, it's true (yes, it's true)
Slept on couches and floors all through middle school
Now I'm cool, now I'm 'bool
Now my car go vroom, (vroom)
Niggas hatin' on me, but it's bool
Guess I got rich too soon
Nigga, I've been rappin' like six years (what?)
I seen ten niggas get killed
What about me turnin' down them deals? (Huh)
Now you pissed off 'cause I switched wheels?

[Outro]
Uh, who run it? Limit
No Limit run it
No Limit
Who run it? G Herbo
I'm done with this shit