[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
I pray I find you at the bottom of the hill
I  pray I make it outta Texas
I  pray my A/C come back on
My mom was stuck outside her job
My sister just asked for a Lexus
Can  Jesus send me a message?
What's  the point of havin' a best friend if you end up losin' him?
World don't view my text messages
World  don't view my text messages
Don't view my bad side
Only get on the 'Gram to show you motherfuckers the best side
Who am I? Who am I? Who am I?
Why  I hide? Huh
Fourth grade, Mary J. Blige all I like
I made a mill' off a lie and a lie so I write another lie
RCA‚ that note wasn't 'bout y'all
No lies‚ it was about how me and my brothers been traumatized
And I must keep creatin' truths and hooks to get up outta this hell for myself
Seashells

[Chorus: Joba]
Dearly departed
Look what you've started
I've been so heartless
I try‚ I try, I try
Why?
Why?
Why?
Try

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Big dog, I feel like I don't got anybody on my side no more
Highs to lows‚ truth be told
It's hard to ignore, hard to endure
Where's my stamina in this life?
Make sure my family tight
More rubies on my neck and they catch me at night
Lookin' immaculate, no one in sight
Standards are high‚ expectations are low
Wake up sweatin' at night, mind in a flight
I don't get scared no more when I'm standin' on the mountaintop
I'm afraid of people dyin'
Rest in peace Wako, Ray, Rita
Wish you could've took me to Japan
Back ten years, holdin' my hand, felt like a hundred grand
Wish them letters didn't fade, love will never do the same
Out the window screamin' your name, bless it
Mama on track, my dad got my back
My sister graduated, now she racin'
Love her through the days and whiskey in my hand
Bloody colored trinkets wrapped around my wrist
Lookin' magnificent, man
No stoppin' me, no boggin' me down
I know myself, me and the obstacles now
I done shit on myself too much to not know how to move properly now
On the property now, money gets foul
Keep your wits about you
They stretch the truth longer than the Nile
Eyes full of evil, mouth full of vile
They tracin' your smile
Stay alert, big dog
Only one life is offered to you
(Only one life is offered to you)

[Verse 3: Dom McLennon]
How many sides to a story can there be when you saw it with your own eyes?
I got all my thoughts out on records y'all won't ever hear
Tried to give it time
Find that truth trickles down, hits the fan
Freezes over like a dagger to the spine
When somebody that you know throws you in the fire
How do you survive?
I kicked down the door inside a home I didn't own just to save a friend's life
Little did I know, the one who pulled the strings was once on my side
I had just moved to Texas, tried to make it right
I do not feel obliged to dismiss the truth because of how I feel about our time
If I knew what you would do to someone you owe money to, you wouldn't get a dime
Watch for where you land, sorry 'bout your plans
That was all a scam, you won't understand
Pass the weight off to your friends and never face the truth
Because you never learned how to be a man
And it's not my fault, and it's not my problem anymore
That's just where you stand
That's just who you are
That's your cross to bear
You could talk to God
I don't wanna hear, motherfucker