[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
Southside, brought the wave back (Yooo)
Hair nappy, need a wave cap (Yooo)
Same state where Trae at
That's the reason for the mothafuckin' ASAP
That's MOB, nigga (Naw!)
Why you all dressed up, why your teeth messed up
Why you look so lost, nigga (Hellooo)
Don't get it twisted, down in the Dirty South
All we do is floss, nigga, that shit lit
Boss nigga, that one me
Ain't got time, can't no nigga take mine
That shit our shit, lose it? No way (Uh, uh, ow!)
I'm over it, I'm over it (Ow!)
I'm on and in and out it (Ow!)
I'm nauseous, I'm nauseous (Ow!)
It hurt to think about it, oww!

[Pre-Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
I've been riding 'round with my people (Uh, Dirty South)
And I always put it down for my people (Uh, uh, Dirty South)
She ain't ever caught them Southern feels (Uh, dirty south)
But she gon' catch them southern feels

[Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
'Cause I get it while it's hot
I get it non-stop as I watch that body rock
Swanging through town, banging through town
Let me slow it down as I get my money right
Got this ice on my wrist, candy painted Lexus
Finna' hit a lick with my squad
Got a muddy cup of the purple stuff
Take a puff, get buck, feel the Southern love

[Verse 2: Ameer Vann & with Joba]
Scumbag from the Lone Star state
Come around here?
You could be the next nigga on The First 48
Niggas run around with a snub .38
Gotta hold it down and protect your 28s
'Cause since 18
Nigga had a dream of that thang on the spokes
Got my mouth froze, got them thangs on the low
Who the fuck spoke?
Don't mind my southern drawl
Got a pocket full of stones for all of y'all
If he up, then watch him ball
Plot to make these niggas fall, shoot through walls
Take they money and they keys
And don't come back without it all
Screaming, "Fuck 'em and we ball"

[Pre-Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
I've been riding 'round with my people (Uh, Dirty South)
Always put it down for my people (Uh, Dirty South)
She ain't ever caught them southern feels (Uh, uh, Dirty South)
But she gon' catch them southern feels

[Chorus: Joba & Kevin Abstract]
'Cause I get it while it's hot
I get it non-stop as I watch that body rock
Swanging through town, banging through town
Let me slow it down as I get my money right
Got this ice on my wrist, candy painted Lexus
Finna' hit a lick with my squad
Got a muddy cup of the purple stuff
Take a puff, get buck, feel the southern love

[Verse 3: Matt Champion]
Sock tan, pack of 'Ports
Dirty bitch, might double-cup her (Double-cup her)
Smokin' gas on the porch
Guess you could say I'm burning rubber (Burning rubber)
Head is good, so I learn to love her
My dogs talk in numbers
My iPhones got iPhones
So all my friends can talk to me (Hello?)
My flip phone even switch lanes (Ayy)
My bitch got that lipstick (Oh!)
Like candy paint, lick it off
Fuck me, then piss me off
Alexis, get my ren' on
Alexis, get my ren' on
Curve me, curve me (On what!)
Bitch don't hit my phone, CUT!

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon & Matt Champion]
Heard everything's supposed to be different 'round here
Gotta make sense of shit 'round here
It's like everybody wanna hit a lick 'round here
Guess I gotta stop giving shits 'round here
Been looking for a sign or some shit 'round here
Grind hard just to get a fuckin' grip 'round here
We don't sit 'round here, big shit 'round here
You a target if you don't fuckin' fit 'round here
Better charge it to the game, nigga (Charge it to the game)
We all going insane, better find a fuckin' lane
Doing digits in a Range, nigga (I don't even got a car)
No guts, no gain, no pain, no fame
We are not one and the same, nigga
I could change your whole life, we don't need no hype
Just to get shit lit for the night
We could set it off on a fuck nigga on sight

[Bridge: Rodney Tenor; with Joba]
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my Southern niggas
Riding, riding, rolling with my

[Verse 5: Merlyn Wood]
Pushing weight (Moving weight, nigga!)
Got to educate!
Niggas smoking on my scholarship, anhh!
That's a win-win (Mrrmrmwah!)
Allowances off these college kids
BROCKHAMPTON thicker than the Wayans, man
I'm an asshole, run up in su casa
And dun dun dun dun dun da-da dun-dun (Nah, nah)
They deported my uncle (Stop that!)
'Cause he ain't got the papers to prove it (No!)
Mama sent me to that white school (Not Black!)
Prove I could speak like them white kids (No!)
Act like them white kids (What?)
Smoke like them white kids (What?)
Fuck that! (What?)
I'm the all-Black Johnny Cash!