[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Yeah
How you doing today?
Yeah
Yeah
Ace the Creator, man
Look
Casey Veggies
Odd Future, look
Look

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Hello, the hype is so mellow
Bitch I'm dope but my pipe is so yellow
The blue polka dots, pink stripes and it's pink on the title
Nigga fuck your role model bitch, I'm my own idol and
If you can't face it my nigga, you can ass it
My accessorize accessories bring out my assets
Nigga they sound on acid, tablets
Stussy’s G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses
I suffer from ADHD
I should win a fucking award for being me
Beat banging the tom-toms
My producer selection is fresh nigga, fuck Vons
Ace the underdog, thrown them on the back bender
Cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender
Eating Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off
And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off
Step one: pull your panties down and start to piss off
Step two: run to your radio, turn this shit off
Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help
So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me
With Gucci belts, Gucci imprint from leather welts
Ace, the Creator, man
Casey Veggies, yo
Odd Future, nigga
Get used to it
Hey, I’m gonna slow it down real quick for you

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
I'm so dapper man, funky fresh Dapper Dan
I'm your favorite rapper, fan, it's an honor to shake my hand
On award tour, on excursions, I'm a virgin of swap meets
I'm so pure, so sick it's no cure
I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at?
The hat, the crew, the t-shirt is Supreme

[Verse 3: brandUn DeShay]
Yeah
We gotta speed it up, we trying to get to the mall
Trevor B in on the boards, brandUn DeShay
Right here for y’all
It’s what I do, don’t get it misconstrued
One half of Arcade
Step your game up, wait up
It’s the mixtape extraordinaire
Hip hop went M.I.A., I only sort of cared
But thanks to me and the cool kids and Casey V
And plus A-C-E
The Creator
Y’all niggas is playing yourself, masturbators
If you could, you’d hate on yourself, master haters
Hello ladies, the [?] with no towel
Y'all always come with chicken like Kung Pao
I'm always off the top like Kung Lao
I had to let it bang like gun pow-der
I can assist it
Y'all really gonna miss them when I'm gone
If I ever exit
I feel like I come with Benedict
Like ex and not Arnold and traitors, y'all haters
You're so flagrant with your foul behavior
Dr. DeShay, you can dial a pager

[?] so sick I need cough syrup
If y'all ain't catch it, just rewind like a rip
I am the purest since blue magic
I am legend and I do classics
And I do problems, mathematician cause I do solve them
Okay, you’re a goon, but what’s a goon to a goblin?
Okay, what’s a goblin to a monster? Okay, what’s a monster to a beast?
A monsterbeast
And that’s me because I make monster beats
I do a show and have they block looking like Contra streets

[Verse 4: Casey Veggies]
Oh, turn the volume up
You still talking that Mass & volume stuff
It ain't a test to me
Y'all niggas ain't even heard the best of me
Got you going like ecstasy
Uh, yeah
It's Case-eezy and it ain't easy being me-eezy
I mess with the Yeezy and the Jeezy
And oh yeah, the Weezy
Left me right where, where you leave me
I got it all, it's no need to tease me
I'm coming in the game, you niggas ain't even see me
Told you my lines and you didn't even believe me
And I'm a book come and read me
I'm blood, come bleed me
Slip straight to 90's, get off of my sleezy
Yeah, because the haters always acting up
And I'm attacking ya, never back it up

[Verse 5: Casey Veggies]
First song get oh boy'd
Now all the girls like "Oh boy, oh boy"
And I don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
And I'm coming to a store near you
Nigga why would I fear you?
You can't tell me nothing, I didn't hear you
I'm riding from night til the next day
Maybe balling spent 50 on the coat sway, no way
(Yo, because)

[Verse 6: Casey Veggies]
It's only one way up so I ain't going down
They around know I'm around when I come around
Yung Joc because it's going down
From [?] and first to Supreme
All these niggas know the kid stay clean
Custom, why you think my momma named me Casey?
So I can change into it
Rap with me, I was [?] into it
I'ma get signed cause Ye can do it
The moment I put the pen to the paper
I'ma keep moving, going through and through it

[?] 3,000 [?]
Now Casey playing chess with Monopoly
Ain't no nigga stopping he

[?] kid, nigga what you supposed to be
Bubbly flows and that I'm toastin' he

[?] in the ground, yeah I'm growin' [?]
On my mind yeah, I flow when I sleep
And I keep going until I hear that beat beep

[?] just creep creep
Whenever I take nothing, fake niggas always tryna take something
Yeah, I'ma lay low, my time will come
Keep writing til my hands is numb
Vegas trips [?] fun
Why compete when it's already won
Call me daddy nigga, you are my son
Shoot for the stars, she is my gun
She's so bomb, I call her a bad one
See Casey Gucci killer figure

[?] SBs and Nike Maxes…

[Verse 7: MF DOOM]
There's only one beer left
Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf
Tempt me, do a number on the label
Eat up all they MC's and drink 'em under the table
Like, "It's on me. Put it on my tab kid."
However you get there, foot it, cab it, iron horse it
You're leaving on your face, forfeit
I crush the mic, hold it like the heat, he might toss it
Told him tell her they stole it - he told her he lost it
She told him, "Get off it," and a bunch of other more shit
Getting money, DT's be getting no new leads
It's like he eating watermelon, stay spitting new seeds
It's the weed, give me some of what he's drooping off
Soon as he wake up, choking like it was whooping cough
They group been soft
First hour at the open bar and they're trooping off
He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road
She asked him autograph her derriere, read
“To Wide Load, this yard bird taste like fried toad turd
Love, Villain.” Take pride in code words
Crooked eye mold nerd geek, with a cold heart
Probably still be speaking in rhymes as an old fart
Study how to eat to die, by the pizza guy
No he's not too fly to skeet in a skeezer's eye
And squeeze her thigh, maybe give her curves a feel
The same way she feel it when he flow with nerves of steel
They call the super when they need their back... uhh... plumbing fixed
"How there only one left? The pack comes in six!
Whatever happened to two and three?"
A herb tried to slide with four and five and got caught
Like, "What you doing G?
Don't make me have to get cutting like truancy
Matter fact, not for nothing, right now, you and me!"
Looser than a pair of Adidas
I hope you brought your spare tweeters
MC's sound like cheerleaders
Rapping and dancing like Red Head Kingpin
DOOM came do his thing again, no matter who be blingin'
He do it for the smelly hubbies
Seeds know what time it is like it's time for Tellie Tubbies
Few can do it, even fewer can sell it
Take it from the dude who wears mask like a 'tarded helmet
He plots shows like robberies
In and out, one, two, three, no bodies, please
Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt
The mic is the shotty: nobody move, nobody get hurt
Bring heat, like your boy done gone to war
He came in the door, and "Everybody on the floor!"
A whole string of jobs, like we on tour
Every night on the score, coming to your corner store

[Outro]
There, it is done. Now that the representative from South Africa has been mind programmed, all of the world's leaders on earth are under my control. And when they meet tomorrow in special session, I, DOOM, shall be voted master of the world. My plan is foolproof, but just in case…