[Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard & (Diddy)]
Keepin' it real, son (That's right)
The shining star, you're my shining star, girl
Yo, New York in the house (Come on)
Is Brooklyn in the house (That's right)
Uptown in the house (Let's go)
Shaolin, are you in the house? (Don't stop)
Boogie Down, are you in the house? (Yeah)
Sacramento in the house (I like that)
Atlanta Georgia, are you in the house? (Come on)
West Coast, are you in the house?
Japan, are you in the house?
Everybody, are you in the house?
Baby, baby, come on
Baby, come on, baby, come on (Bad Boy)

[Verse 1: Mariah Carey]
Oh, when you walk by every night
Talkin' sweet and lookin' fine
I get kinda hectic inside
Mmm, baby, I'm so into you
Darlin', if you only knew
All the things that flow through my mind

[Chorus: Mariah Carey & Diddy]
But it's such a sweet sweet, I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end (So deep, so deep)
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping (Fantasy) (Remix)
Sweet fantasy (So sweet)
(In my fantasy) Sweet fantasy
Sweet, sweet fantasy

[Verse 2: Mariah Carey & (Diddy)]
Images of rapture
Creep into me slowly
As you're goin' to my head (I like that)
And my heart beats faster
When you take me over
Time and time and time again

[Chorus: Mariah Carey & Diddy]
But it's such a sweet sweet, I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end (So deep, so deep)
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping (Sweet fantasy) (Remix)
Sweet fantasy
Sweet fantasy
Oh-oh, it's just a sweet
I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end
(So deep, babe, you're so sweet)
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping (Fantasy)

[Verse 3: Ol' Dirty Bastard & (Diddy)]
Ladies and Gentlemen
Introducing the Old, Dirty, Doggy
Here we go now
Me and Mariah
Go back like babies with pacifiers (That's right)
Old Dirt Dog's no liar
Keep your fantasy hot like fire
Jump, jump, let me see you do the stump
Girls, let me see you shake your rump
Brothers, hit it from the back and front
And let's do it, do it, do it, uh-huh
I'm a little bit of Country
I'm a little bit of Rock and Roll
And I'm soul to soul
Big letters, all big and bold
Old Dirty Bastard across the globe

[Chorus 2: Mariah Carey]
I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end (Sweet fantasy)
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping

[Bridge: Kelly Price & Puff Daddy]
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gonna do a remix
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' do a remix
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' have some fun
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' have some fun

[Outro: Mariah Carey & Ol’ Dirty Bastard]
(You're my fantasy) I'm in heaven (Sweet baby, sweet baby)
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end (So sweet)
(Fantasy, baby)
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping
My fantasy
I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping