[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
There's never been a nigga this good for this long
This hood or this pop, this hot or this strong
With so many different flows, this one's for this song
The next one I switch up, this one will get bit up
These fucks, too lazy to make up shit, they crazy
They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me
You know what? Soon they forget where they plucked
Their whole style from then try to reverse the outcome
I'm like, "TAA!"
I'm not a biter, I'm a writer for myself and others
I say a B.I.G. verse, I'm only biggin' up my brother
Biggin' up my borough, I'm big enough to do it
I'm that thorough, plus I know my own flow is foolish (Whoo!)
So them rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
I'm in, new sneakers, dual-seaters, few divas
What more can I tell you? Let me spell it for you:
W-I, double-L, I-E
Nobody truer than H-O-V
And I'm back for more, New York's ambassador
Prime Minister, back to finish my business up

[Interlude: 
George Harrison
]
I look at you all, see the love there that's sleeping

[Chorus: Hum-V]
What more can I say?
What more can I do?
What-what more?

[Interlude: Jay-Z]
What more can I say to you? You heard it all

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
You already know what I'm about: flyin' birds down South
Movin' wet off the step, purple rain in a drought
Stuntin' on hoes, brushin' off my shirt
But ain't nothin' on my clothes 'cept my chain, my name
Young H-O, pitch the yay faithful
Even if they patrol, I make payroll
Benz paid for, friends they roll
Private jets down to Turks and Caicos
Cris' caseloads, I don't give a shit
Nigga, one life to live, I can't let a day go
By without me bein' fly, fresh to death
Head to toe 'til the day I rest
And I don't wear jerseys, I'm 30-plus
Give me a crisp pair of jeans, nigga, button-ups
S. Dots on my feet make my cipher complete
What more can I say? Guru, play the beat!

[Break: Jay-Z (Hum-V)]
My nigga, hahahaha, woo!
We gon' let this ride into the hook
- I'ma snap my fingers on this one
What more can I say to you?
- Get my grown man on
LET'S GO!
(What more can I sayyyyyyyyyyy?)

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Now you know your ass is Willie when they got you in the mag
For like half a billy and your ass ain't lily-White
That mean that shit you write must be illy
Either that or your flow is silly, it's both!
I don't mean to boast, but damn, if I don't brag
Them crackers gon' act like I ain't on they ass
The Martha Stewart that's far from Jewish
Far from a Harvard student, just had the balls to do it
And no I'm not through with it
In fact, I'm just previewin' it
This ain't the show, I'm just EQin' it
One-two and I won't stop abusin' it
To groupie girls: stop false accusin' it
Back to the music - the Maybach roof is translucent
Niggas got a problem, Houston!
What up B, they can't shut up me
Shut down I, not even P.E., I'ma ride
God forgive me for my brash delivery
But I remember vividly what these streets did to me
So picture me lettin' these clowns nitpick at me
Paint me like a pickany
I will literally kiss Ti-Ti in the forehead
Tell her, "Please forgive me," then squeeze into your forehead
I'm not the one to score points off, in fact
I got a joint that'll knock your points off
Young Hova the God, nigga, blast for me
I'm at the Trump International, ask for me
I ain't never scared, I'm everywhere, you ain't never there
And nigga, why would I ever care?
Pound for pound, I'm the best to ever come around here
Excludin' nobody, look what I embody:
The soul of a hustler, I really ran the street
A CEO's mind, that marketin' plan was me
And no I ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times
Or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines
And I ain't animated like, say, a Busta Rhymes
But the real shit you get when you bust down my lines
Add that to the fact I went plat' a bunch of times
Times that by my influence on pop culture
I'm supposed to be number one on everybody list
We'll see what happens when I no longer exist
Fuck this man!

[Outro: Hum-V]
What more can I sayyyyyyyyyyy?