CUT TO: EXT. SKI LODGE, NEW YEAR’S EVE
High School Musical logo appears on screen.
CUT TO: INT. SKI LODGE, NEW YEAR’S EVE
The ski lodge is alive with excitement as the inhabitants enjoy the festivities. 
Gabriella Montez sits on the sofa reading
 as Miss Montez approaches.
MISS MONTEZ: Gabby, it’s New Year’s Eve. Enough reading.
GABRIELLA: But, Mom, I'm almost done
MISS MONTEZ: The teen party? I've laid out your best clothes, Come get ready.
GABRIELLA: Can i have my book back?
Miss Montez hands the book back to Gabriella.
GABRIELLA: Thank you.
MISS MONTEZ: Come on.
CUT TO: 
INT. SKI LODGE GYM
, NEW YEAR’S EVE
Mrs. Bolton enters the gym and sees her husband and son shooting hoops.
 
Coach Bolton bounces the ball to Troy Bolton.
COACH BOLTON: Keep working left, Troy. Got a guard in the championship game we're expectin', You'll torch 'em!
TROY: By going left?
COACH BOLTON: Yeah, he looks middle, you take it downtown.
TROY: Ok, like this?
Troy fakes left and makes a basket.
COACH BOLTON: Wooh! That’s it man. Sweet, I wanna see that in the game.
MRS. BOLTON: Boys?
TROY: Oh you’ll see that in the game, don’t worry about me.
MRS. BOLTON: Did we really fly all this way to play more basketball?
Troy and Coach Bolton look at each other.
TROY & COACH BOLTON: Yeah.
MRS. BOLTON: It’s the last night of vacation. The party, remember?
COACH BOLTON: Right. The party, the party, New Year’s Eve.
MRS. BOLTON: Troy, they have a kid's party downstairs in the Freestyle club.
TROY: Kids party?
MRS. BOLTON: Young adults. Now go shower up.
Troy takes the ball from his father and bounces it once more.
TROY: Come on, one more.
Mrs. Bolton sighs.
TROY: Last one.
COACH BOLTON: Real quick.
Mrs. Bolton relents. Troy spins and makes the shot.
TROY: There we go, that’s the way to end it.
CUT TO: 
INT. FREESTYLE CLUB AT SKI LODGE, NEW YEAR’S EVE
The party is in full swing as Troy enters in a blazer and dress shirt, casually making his way through the crowd. Gabriella holds her book as she also shyly makes her way through the crowd as a partygoer tips an oversized hat in her direction.
PARTYGOER: Howdy, ma’am.
Gabriella laughs, sits on a chair, and reads.
An emcee stands on stage with a teen boy and girl at the microphones beside him.
EMCEE: Alright! How about that for a couple of snowboarders?
The audience cheers and the teens leave the stage.
EMCEE: Who's gonna rock the house next? Huh?
The emcee steps off the stage. Troy yawns as two spotlights move around the crowd and land on Troy and Gabriella. Troy puts his hands up in protest. Gabriella looks up confused. Troy’s friends point at him and cheer in excitement.
TROY: I can’t sing. No you go.
The emcee reaches a hand out to Gabriella.
EMCEE: And you! Yeah, come on.
Another partygoer with a horned helmet and noisemaker pushes Gabriella up. 
Gabriella is nervously led to the stage.
TROY: Look, I don’t sing, I can’t sing. No guys…
The boys with Troy push him onto the stage.
PARTYGOER: Get up there!
The emcee gets on stage with Troy and Gabriella.
EMCEE: Hey, you know what? Someday, someday you guys might thank me for this.
The emcee hands Troy a microphone. Gabriella holds her arms to her chest and looks away.
EMCEE: Or not…
The emcee walks offstage. Troy puts the microphone on the stand. He reads the song lyrics off a monitor.
Start of Something New
(Troy sings as Gabriella looks away. He is about to leave the stage when she begins to sing. He turns back and harmonizes with her. The crowd around them begins to gather. Troy removes his blazer and partygoers cheer, dance, and clap in rythmn. They begin to build up confidence and smile. Troy leans his microphone stand as he sings. They raise their arms up on a high note. Troy dances and Gabriella nearly falls offstage, being pushed back on by the crowd. They both hold their microphones and look each other in the eye as they sing.)
The emcee returns on stage and claps. Troy offers his hand to Gabriella.
TROY: Troy.
Gabriella shakes his hand.
GABRIELLA: Gabriella.
CUT TO: EXT. BALCONY OF FREESTYLE CLUB AT SKI LODGE, NEW YEAR’S EVE
Troy and Gabriella walk and talk. Troy has his blazer back on and Gabriella has a shawl. They both carry mugs.
TROY: But seriously, you have an amazing voice. You’re a singer, right?
GABRIELLA: Just church choir is all. I tried to solo and nearly fainted.
TROY: Really, why is that?
GABRIELLA: I took one look at all the people staring at me and next thing I knew I was staring at the ceiling. End of solo carreer.
TROY: Well, with the way you sung tonight, that’s pretty hard to believe.
GABRIELLA: Well that was the first time I did something like that. I mean it was so cool.
TROY: I know! Completely!
GABRIELLA: 
(tipping mug towards Troy)
 You sounded like you’ve sung a lot too.
TROY: Yeah, sure my showerhead is very impressed with me.
Gabriella laughs. The New Year’s Eve countdown begins and inside the Freestly club partygoers chant down to 1 as Troy and Gabriella look around, avoiding making eye contact. A red light casts their face and fireworks appear on the sky. Gabriella looks at Troy and he looks at her.
GABRIELLA: I guess I better go find my mom and wish her a happy New Year.
TROY: Yeah, me too. I mean, not your mom. My mom… and dad.
Troy and Gabriella nod.
TROY: Uh, I’ll call you! I’ll call you tomorrow.
Gabriella looks excited.
GABRIELLA: Yeah!
They both put their mugs down and take out their cellphones.
TROY: Here, put your number in. Here
Troy takes a picture of Gabriella with his phone. They swap phones.
GABRIELLA: You too.
TROY: Oh, okay.
Troy takes a selfie with Gabriella’s phone and puts in his number as Gabriella types on his phone.
TROY: Here you go.
They exchange phones back and Gabriella begins to leave.
TROY: Just so you know, uh, singing with you was the most fun I’ve had this entire vacation. So um.. Where do you live?
Troy turns to look at Gabriella, but she is gone. He scans the crowd behind him then looks at his phone with a picture of Gabriella. He smiles and stares off in the distance.
TROY: Gabriella.
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH AT ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO, DAY
The “Wildcats Pep Theme” plays as the drawing of East High transitions to the real school. There are students gathering in front of school. A bus parks. Chad Danforth dribbles a basketball as a cheerleader tries to take it from him. Basketball players greet each other. Troy steps off the bus and the crowd cheers.
CHAD: Troy, how you doing man?
STUDENT: 
(Shaking hands with Troy)
 Hey Troy what’s up.
TROY: Hey guys, happy New Year.
CHAD: Yeah, it’s a happy wildcat New Year!
TEAMMATE: You’re the man!
CHAD: In two weeks we’re going to the championships with you leading us to infinity and beyond.
STUDENTS: What team? Wildcats! What team? Wildcats!
Students cheer.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Sharpay Evans and Ryan Evans strut down the hallway as Sharpay texts on her cellphone. A boy tips his baseball hat at Sharpay. As she passes by Chad, Zeke Baylor, Jason Cross, and the team, Sharpay raises he hands to shoo them out of the way. The team makes way and exclaims mockingly.
ZEKE: The ice princess returned from the North Pole.
CHAD: She spent the holidays the way she always does.
STUDENT: How’s that?
CHAD: Shopping for mirrors.
The friends laugh and walk past Taylor McKessie and the science kids.
TAYLOR: Behold the zoo animals heralding the New Year. How tribal.
The school bell rings. Gabriella, her mother, and Principal Matsui walk along another hallway.
GABRIELLA: Mom my stomach-
MISS MONTEZ: Is always nervous on first day at a new school. You’ll do great. You always do. 
(Miss Montez turns to hold Gabriella’s arms)
 and I made my company promise that I can’t be transferred again until you graduate.
PRINCIPAL MATSUI: I reviewed your impressive transcripts. I expect your light will shine very brightly here at East High.
Principal Matsui hands Gabriella a paper.
GABRIELLA: I don’t want to be the school’s freaky genius girl again.
Miss Montez holds Gabriella’s face in her hands.
MISS MONTEZ: Just be Gabriella.
Miss Montez gives Gabriella a kiss on the forehead.
PRINCIPAL MATSUI: This way.
Principal Matsui escorts Gabriella up the stairs. She looks back at her mom.
CUT TO: HOMEROOM, DAY
Ms. Darbus sits in a chair on a raised platform and students chat as they enter and take their seats. Troy, Zeke, Chad, and Jason toss each other a basketball and chat. Gabriella walks in and hands the paper Principal Matsui gave her to Ms. Darbus.
JASON: Do you remember the night before?
TROY: No, not at all. All I remember is like, pink jelly, I…
Troy spots Gabriella. She walks past Sharpay and Ryan.
GABRIELLA: Excuse me.
Sharpay sits at the desk next to Troy.
SHARPAY: Hi, Troy.
TROY: Hi.
School bell rings.
MS. DARBUS: I trust you all had splendid holidays. Check the sign-up sheets in the lobby for new activities, Mr. Bolton. 
(Troy lowers into his seat)
 Especially our winter musicale. We will have singles auditions…
CHAD: 
(to Troy in a low voice)
 You okay?
TROY: Yeah
MS. DARBUS: … for our supporting roles and pairs auditions for our two leads.
Chad points his thumb down and blows a raspberry.
MS. DARBUS: Mr. Danforth, this is a place of learning, 
(Miss Darbus walks past Chad’s desk)
 not a hockey arena. There is also a final sign-up for next week’s scholastic decathlon competition. 
(Chad and Troy look at each other)
 Chem club president Taylor McKessie 
(Taylor raises her hand)
 can answer all of your questions about that.
Troy pulls out his phone and calls Gabriella. Her phone begins to ring.
MS. DARBUS: Ah, the cell phone menace has returned to our crucible of learning.
Sharpay and Ryan look at their phones in confusion.
SHARPAY: Is it your phone?
MISS DARBUS: Sharpay and Ryan, cell phones. 
(Sharpay and Ryan place their phones in a paint bucket)
 I will see you in detention.
SHARPAY: Uh!
MISS DARBUS: We have zero tolerance for cell phones 
(Gabriella looks at her phone with a picture of Troy as Miss Darbus comes behind her)
 in class, so we weill get to know each other in detention. Cell phone!
Gabriella puts her cell phone in the paint bucket.
MISS DARBUS: And welcome to East High, Miss Montez. 
(Miss Darbus walks to Troy, who still has his phone out)
 Mr. Bolton, I see your phone is involved. So, we will see you in detention as well.
Troy puts his phone in the paint bucket. Chad raises his hand and points a finger.
CHAD: That’s not even a possibility Miss Darbus, your honor, see ‘cause we have basketball practice and Troy-.
MISS DARBUS: Ah! That will be fifteen minutes for you, too, Mr. Danforth. Count ‘em.
Chad’s face falls.
TAYLOR: 
(in a low voice)
 Could be tough for Chad. He can’t count that high.
MISS DARBUS: Taylor McKessie, fifteen minutes.
Talot looks stunned. Chad looks back at her and Jason smiles. Miss Darbus slaps a ruler on the desk.
MISS DARBUS: Shall the carnage continue? Holidays are over people. Way over! Now, any more comments, questions?
Jason raises a hand.
JASON: So, how were your holidays, Miss Darbus?
The class groans and looks at him.
JASON: What?
Miss Darbus sighs. The school bell rings and the students exit class. Gabriella gathers her belongings and Troy waits outside the hall as the others leave.
CHAD: Sorry man. See you in detention.
TROY: See you later. It’s all good.
Jason slaps Troy’s shoulder.
JASON: Uh, she’s crazy.
Gabriella finally exits and Troy leaps to reach her and grabs her shoulder.
TROY: Hey!
GABRIELLA: I don’t-
TROY: Beleive it!
GABRIELLA: Well, me-
TROY: Either. But how?
GABRIELLA: Well my mom’s company transferred her here to Albuquerque. I can’t believe you live here. I looked for you at the lodge on New Year’s Day.
TROY: We had to leave first thing.
Troy and Gabriella began walking down the hallway.
GABRIELLA: Why are you whispering?
TROY: What? Oh, uh.. Well my friends know about the snowboarding. Um, I haven’t quite told them about the singing thing.
STUDENT: Hey what’s up Troy?
TROY: 
(to student)
 Hey
GABRIELLA: Too much for them to handle?
TROY: No, it was cool. But you know my friends, it’s uh… It’s not what I do. That was like, a different person.
Gabriella suddenly turns and goes down a hallway as Troy finishes his sentence. He follows.
TROY: So, uh, anyway, welcome to East High! Oh and now that you’ve met Ms. Darbus I bet you just can’t wait to sign up for that.
Troy points to the audition sign-up sheet for the winter musical tacked on a bulletin board.
GABRIELLA: I won’t be signing up for anything for a while. I just wanna get to know the school. But if you sign up, I’d consider coming to see the show.
TROY: Yeah, yeah. That’s completely impossible.
Gabriella chuckles. Sharpay suddenly appears from behind the bulletin board.
SHARPAY: What’s impossible Troy? I wouldn’t think “impossible” is even in your vocabulary. Oh, so nice of you to show our new classmate aound.
Troy and Gabriella share a look. 
Sharpay signs her name in red ink in huge letters under “Pairs audition”.
 Troy and Sharpay grimace.
SHARPAY: Oh, were you going to sign up too?
Troy and Gabriella look at each other.
SHARPAY: My brother and I have starred in all the school’s productions and we really welcome newcomers. There are a lot of supporting roles in a show. I’m sure we could find something for you.
GABRIELLA: 
(shaking her head)
 No, no, no. I was just looking at all the bulletin boards. 
(Troy crosses his arms, smiles and nods)
 Lots going on at this school. Wow. Nice penmanship.
Gabriella walks off and Troy begins to walk off too.
SHARPAY: So, Troy, 
(Troy stops and looks back as Sharpay approaches)
 I missed you during vacation. What’d you do?
TROY: Oh, you know, uh, played basketball, snowboarding, more basketball.
SHARPAY: When’s the big game?
TROY: Uh, two weeks. 
(Troy holds up two fingers)
SHARPAY: You are so dedicated… Just like me!
TROY: Ah, ha.
SHARPAY: I hope you come watch me in the musical. Promise?
Troy nods, then turns to go.
SHARPAY: Toodles!
Troy turns back and gives a little wave. Sharpay frowns, glances in the direction Gabriella went, and walks off.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
Troy tosses up a basketball and catches it. Chad stretches on the floor. Behind them is the basketball team practicing.
TROY: So dude, you know that school musical thing? Is it true you get extra credit just for auditioning?
CHAD: Who cares?
TROY: It's always good to get extra credit... for college.
CHAD: You ever think LeBron James or Shaquille O'Neal auditioned for their school musical?
TROY: Maybe.
Chad gets up.
CHAD: Troy. 
(Chad stretches his arms.)
 
Look, the music in those shows isn't hip-hop, okay, or rock, or anything essential to culture. It's like, show music. It's all costumes and makeup. Oh, dude, it''s frightenting.
 
(Chad shivers.)
TROY: Yeah, I know. I just thought it might be a good laugh, you know. Sharpay's kinda cute too.
CHAD: So is a mountain lion, but you don't pet it.
Chad takes the basketball from Troy. Troy sighs.
TROY: All right, Wildcats! Pair up!
Troy claps his hands and runs back into the basketball team.
Getcha Head In The Game
(The basketball team runs drills. The players pass the balls to each other. They shoot baskets. Two players rotate around each other as they dribble and quickstep. Someone dribbles between their legs. A player snatches a spinning ball off another's finger. Zeke dribbles a ball of the floor.
Troy sings as the basketball players continue to practice. He shoots a ball. The team gathers around Troy to join the song. They break apart, continuing to throw balls across the court and sing. Troy shoots a basket. Troy throws a ball backwards and he grabs his head and shakes it, trying to focus on playing basketball.
The players form a circle in the middle of the court and Troy joins them. Troy circles and dances as the team throws balls.
The players take a knee as a spotlight hits Troy. When the lights return to normal, the players stand and Troy is thrown a ball. The players dance in place, slide on the floor, and shuflfe side to side in wide stances. They crisscross their legs and spin. Stepping in place, the players sweep their arms around. They slide towards Troy in the center and he shoots.
In formation, Troy and the team do tricks with their basketballs. They perform dance-like steps and dribble between their legs. Spinning in place, they dribble and take a shot.)
The team leaves the gym and Troy stays behind, picking up a ball.
CHAD: What team?
PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: What team?
PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: What team?
PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: Wildcats!
PLAYERS: 
Get your head in the game.
Troy shoots the ball and follows his team out.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Sharpay smirks and leans toward Gabriella, who glances repeatedly at a chalkboard as she takes notes.
SHARPAY: So It seemed like you knew Troy Bolton.
GABRIELLA: Not really. He was just showing me around.
SHARPAY: 
(snickers)
 Well, Troy usually doesn't interact with new students.
GABRIELLA: 
(glancing at the chalkboard)
 Uh, why not?
SHARPAY: Well it's pretty much basketball 24/7 with him.
GABRIELLA: 
(looking at the chalkboard)
 That should be sixteen over pi.
The pregnant science teacher turns to look at Gabriella.
TEACHER: Yes, Miss Montez?
GABRIELLA: I'm sorry, I was just... uh... Shouldn't the second equation read sixteen over pi?
Sharpay rolls her eyes.
TEACHER: Sixteen over pi? That's quite impossible.
Teacher shkaes her head and types in her calculator.
TEACHER: I stand corrected.
Gabriella writes in her notebook. Taylor gives Gabriella an interested look. and taps her pencil. The teacher turns back to Gabriella.
TEACHER: Oh, and welcome aboard.
Gabriella smiles. Gaping, Sharpay stares and backs away. She taps her fingers on the lab table.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Troy checks the audition list for the winter musical at the bulletin board. Ryan watches from nearby. Troy glances around, then looks closer at the names. He nods and walks away.
Sharpay walks past in the hallway. Ryan grabs her arm and brings her to the list.
RYAN: Troy Bolton was looking 
(points with thumb)
 at our audition list.
SHARPAY: Again?
Ryan lifts his brow.
SHARPAY: You know he was hanging aorund with that new girl and they were both looking at the list. 
(Ryan furrows a brow)
 There's something freaky about her. Where did she say she was from?
Sharpay scoffs and struts off. Ryan follows.
CUT TO: INT. LIBRARY, DAY
Ryan stands with one foot on a chair as Sharpay sits and searches up Gabriella's name. on the internet. She gapes as she opens up an article titled "Wiz Kid Leads School To Scholastic Championship", featuring Gabriella's photo.
RYAN: Wow! An Einsteinette. So why do you think she's interested in our musical?
SHARPAY: I'm not sure that she is. And we needn't concern ourselves with amateurs.  But there is no harm in making certain that Gabriella's welcome to school activities that are... well, appropiate for her. After all, she loves pi.
Sharpay prints the article.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATER, DAY
The screen reads detention.
MS. DARBUS: 
(to a student sewing)
 Gold! More gold!
Ms. Darbus walks past Chad and Troy, who are painting a tree rop with green paint. She passes Gabriella painting a moon. A student walks by costumed with a camel weaing sunglasses. Taylor excitedly approaches Gabriella with a bucket and a printing of the news article. Sharpay and Ryan watch.
TAYLOR: The answer is yes!
GABRIELLA: Huh?
TAYLOR: Our scholastic decathalon team has its first competition next week, and there is certainly a spot for you.
GABRIELLA: Where did those come from?
TAYLOR: Didn't you put them in my locker?
GABRIELLA: Of course not.
TAYLOR: Oh, well, we'd love to have you on our team. We meet almost every day after school. Please?
GABRIELLA: I eed to catch up on the curriculum here before I think about joining any clubs.
Sharpay steps forward.
SHARPAY: Well what a perfect way to et caught up, meeting with the smartest kids in school. What a generous offer, Taylor.
MS. DARBUS: So many new faces in detention today. I hope you don't make a habit of it, but the drama club can always use an extra hand. And while we are working, let us probe the mounting evils of cell phones.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
Coach Bolton leads basketball practice.
COACH BOLTON: Come on guys, huddle up! We got two weeks to the big game.
The basketball team huddles up.
COACH BOLTON: Where's Troy and Chad?
The team averts Coach Bolton's gazes.
COACH BOLTON: Don't make me ask again.
The team stays silent.
COACH BOLTON: 
(shouting)
 Where's Troy and Chad?
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Detention.
Coach Bolton storms out and hands his clipboard off to another coach. The other coach blows a whistle and the team runs.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
Chad sleeps inside of the tree prop as Troy sits on top of it, tickling his face with a leaf.
MS. DARBUS: Perhaps the most heinous example of cell phone abuse is ringing in the theater. What temeratiy! The theater is a temple of art, a precious cornucopia of creative energy.
COACH BOLTON: 
(raising his arms in frustration)
 Where's my team Darbus? 
What the heck are those two doing in a tree?
MS. DARBUS: 
(to Coach Bolton)
 It's called crime and punishment, Bolton. besides, proximity to the arts is cleanzing for the soul.
COACH BOLTON: 
(pointing to him and Ms. Darbus)
 Can we have a talk, please? 
(to Troy and Chad)
 And you two, in the gym, now! 
(pointing to the floor)
Troy pulls Chad from the tree and they leave.
CUT TO: INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE, DAY
Coach Bolton and Ms. Darbus stand in front of PrincipalMatsui's desk.
COACH BOLTON: If they have to paint sets for detention, they could do it tonight, not during my practice.
MS. DARBUS: If these were theater peformers instead of athletes, would you seek special treatment?
COACH BOLTON: We are days away from out biggest game of the year.
MS. DARBUS: And we, Bolton, are in the midst of auditions for our winter musicale as well! This school is about more than just young men in baggy shorts flinging balls for touchdowns!
COACH BOLTON: Baskets! They shoot baskets!
PRINCIPAL MATSUI: Stop! Guys, listen. You've been having this arguement since the day you both started teaching here. We are one school, one student body, one faculty! Can we not agree on that?
Ms. Darbus and Coach Bolton share a look.
PRINCIPAL MATSUI: So coach, how's the team looking? Troy got 'em whipped into shape?
Mrs. Darbus groans and walks away. Principal Matsui shoots a mini basketball to a basket on the wall.
CUT TO:  INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
COACH BOLTON: 
(as he walks down the line of players)
 West High Knights have knocked us out of the playoffs three years running, and now we are one game away from taking that championship right back from 'em! It's time to make our stand.
The team is you. You are the team. And this team does not exist unless each and every one of you is fully focused on our goal. Am I clear?
CHAD: 
(extending his arms)
 Hey, what team?
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: What team?
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: What team?
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Wildcats!
Chad puts his arm down.
CHAD: Wildcats! 
(the team puts their arms down in a circle)
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Get your head in the game!
Coach Bolton blows a whistle.
CUR TO: EXT. EAST HIGH, DAY
Tayor and Gabriella walk together.
TAYLOR: We've never made it past the first round of the scholatic decathalon. You could be our answered prayer.
GABRIELLA: I'm going to focus on my studies this semester, and help my mom get the new house organized. Maybe next year. But, what do you know about Troy Bolton?
TAYLOR: Troy? Hmm. I wouldn't consider myself an expert on that particular sub-species. However, unless you speak cheerleader, as in 
(Taylor and Gabriella walk throuh a roup of cherrleaders and Taylor speaks mimicking a Valley-girl accent)
 "Oh, my gosh isn't Troy Bolton just a hottie super-bum?"
The cheerleaders giggle and exclaim praises. Taylor holds Gabriella's hand and leads her away.
TAYLOR: See what I mean?
GABRIELLA: I guess I don't know how to speak cheerleader.
TAYLOR: Which is why we exist in an alternate universe to Troy the basketball boy. 
(rolling eyes)
GABRIELLA: Have you tried to get to know him?
TAYLOR: Watch how it works in the cafeteria tomorrow when you have lunch with us. Unless you'd rather sit with the cheerleaders and discuss the importance of firm nail beds.
GABRIELLA: My nail beds are history.
Taylor and Gabriella show their hands to one another and laugh.
TAYLOR: Sister!
Taylor grabs hold of Gabriella's hand.
CUT TO: EXT. BOLTON HOME, DAY
Troy shoots baskets with Coach Bolton. They pause to catch their breath.
COACH BOLTON: Still don't understand this whole detention thing.
TROY: It was my fault. Sorry dad.
COACH BOLTON: Cross court 
(pointing)
You know Darbus will take any opportunity to bust my chops 
(Troy runs and Coach Bolton passes him the ball)
 and that includes yours too. 
(Troy shoots the ball)
Coach Bolton catches the ball and bounces it.
TROY: Hey dad?
Coach Bolton passes Troy the ball.
TROY: Did you ever think about trying something new, but were afriad of what your friends might think?
COACH BOLTON: You mean like going left? You're doing fine. Come on.
Troy spins with the ball.
TROY: Well... no. I mean what if you wannna try something really new and it's a total disaster and all your friends laugh at you.
COACH BOLTON: Well then maybe they're not really your friends. I mean, that was my whole point about team today. You guys gotta look out for each other and you're the leader.
TROY: Dad I'm not talking-
COACH BOLTON: There's gonna be college scouts at our game next week Troy. Know what a scholarship is worth these days?
Troy sighs and nods his head.
TROY: A lot.
COACH BOLTON: Yeah, focus Troy. Come on.
Troy spins and takes a jumpshot. Coach Bolton jumps to block and the ball goes in. Troy puts his hands on his knees.
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH ENTRANCE, DAY
CUT TO: HOMEROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Sharpay hands Ms. Darbus a gift.
SHARPAY: Just something for you.
Sharpay walks to her seat as the students enter the classroom. Troy and Gabriella share a smile.
MS. DARBUS:  Well, I expect we all learned our homeroom manners yesterday people, correct?
Troy looks back at Gabriella, who giggles.
MS. DARBUS: If not, we have some dressing rooms that need painting. Now, a few announcements. This morning during free period will be your chance for the musicale auditions, 
(Sharpay smiles back at Ryan and claps)
 both single and pairs. I will be in the theater until noon for thse of you bold enough to extend the wingspan of your creative spirit... 
(Ms. Darbus extends her arms)
CHAD:  When's she due back on the mother ship?
Troy smiles awkwardly.
MS. DARBUS: ... Now today we are going to discuss the importance of Shakespeare.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAY, DAY
Troy slams shut his locker and Chad approaches.
CHAD: Yo, what's up man?
TROY: What's up?
CHAD: Hey, so um look so the whole team's hitting the gym during free period. What do you wanna have us run?
TROY: Dude you know what, I can't make it. I, uh, I gotta catch up on some homework.
Chad laughs.
CHAD: What? Hello, it's only the second day back. I'm not even behind on homework yet. And you know I've been behind on homework since pre-school.
Troy laughs and puts his arm against Chad's chest, barring him.
TROY: That's hilarious. I'll catch you later.
Chad looks puzzled as Troy hurries off.
CHAD: Homework? There's no way.
Troy slinks into a classroom and Chad follows. He watches Troy greet a few students.
CHAD: 
(whispering to himself)
 What's he doing?
A student shakes Chad's hand and enters the classroom.
CHAD: Hey, how's it going man?
Troy disappers and Chad looks baffled. In the hallway, Troy sneaks away behind him. Troy hurries down a stairwell. Farther up, Chad stares down with a confused look.
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH, DAY
Troy strikes a casual pose as a teacher walks by. He sneaks ahead. Coach Bolton emerges from the building and Troy hides behind a wall. With a furrowed brow, Coach Bolton steps over to see no one.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GARAGE, DAY
Troy hurries through an auto class.
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH, DAY
Coach Bolton has a curious look as he steps away.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GARAGE, DAY
Troy sneaks to a door past a faculty member, who notices him.
TROY: Short cut.
The faculty member looks at his watch. Troy opens the door to a hallway and leans on it.
TROY: I'm late for class.
The faculty member nods and Troy smiles, sheepishly running on. The faculty member shakes his head.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATER, DAY
Troy walks backstage and hides behind a janitor's cart. He stops behind a prop camel and peers out. Troy glances across the stage at a piano, then eyes the camel's tassles and over-size glasses. He sneaks behind a curtain and watches as Ms. Darbus and theater kids walk in. Troy backs away as Ms. Darbus approaches the stage. Ms. Darbus claps for attention and takes center stage as the students sit down.
MS. DARBUS: This is where the true expression of the artist is realized, where inner truth is revealed through the actor's journey where - 
(school bell rings)
 was that a cell phone?
Students check their pockets.
KELSI: No ma'am, that was the warning bell.
MS. DARBUS: Ah, 
(touching her glasses)
 Those wishing to audition must understand that time is of the essence. 
(Troy walks though the auditorium still hiding behind the mop in the janitor's cart, stopping to hear.)
 We have many roles to cast and final callbacks will be next week. First you will sing a few bars and I will give you a sense of whether or not the theater is your calling. 
(tipping her glasses)
 Better to hear it from me now than from your friends later. Our composer 
(gesturing towards her)
 Kelsi Nielson will accompany you and be avaliable for rehearsals prior to callbacks. Shall we?
Kelsi plays piano for auditions and mouths the lyrics. Ms. Darbus listens as Sharpay and Ryan grimace.
GIRL: 
(singing off-key)
 It's hard to believe that I couldn't see that you were always right beside me. 
(snapping fingers)
 This feeling's like no other. I want you to know. 
(holding hands to chest and hesitating)
MS. DARBUS: Uh-huh, yes. Thank you. 
(yelling)
 Next!
ALAN: 
(singing monotonously)
 It's hard to believe that I couldn't 
(reading at hand)
 sneeze... see 
(Sharpay watches, mouth gaping)
 that you were always 
(Ms. Darbus shakes her hand in protest as she drinks from a travel mug)
 next to-beside me. This feeling's like no other...
MS. DARBUS: Alan, I admire your pluck. As for your singing, that's a wonderful tie you're wearing. 
(yelling)
 Next!
Alan touches his tie and smiles. Ms. Darbus takes notes.
GIRL: 
(leaning on the piano, singing off-key)
 It's hard to believe that I couldn't see that you were always right beside me. This feeling's like no other I want you to know.
MS. DARBUS: Uh, stop.
CINDRA: 
(high-pitched)
So lonely before I finally found what I've been looking for...
Sharpay and Ryan cover an ear and grimace. Kelsi stops playing the piano. Ms. Darbus covers her ears.
MS. DARBUS: Ah, Cindra what courage to pursue a note that has not been accessed in the natural world. Bravo! Brava! Perhaps the spring musicale.
Kelsi gives Cindra a look. Cindra scoffs and heads off.
A student leaps onto the stage, pirohuettes and poses. Sharpay holds a hand to her chest. The sudent leaps in the air then continues off-stage. There is a loud crash. Kelsi and Ms. Darbus look concerned.
A pairs audition follows.
GIRL:  It's hard to believe. 
(opening arms wide)
 That I could not see 
(covering eyes with hands)
BOY: See 
(covers eyes with hand in a sweeping motion)
GIRL: That you were right there beside me 
(the pair face each other and wiggle their arms)
 Thought I was alone 
(Ryan looks tranced)
 With no one to hold
BOY: To hold 
(the pair crouches on the floor and holds themselves)
GIRL: But you were right beside me 
(still crouching, the pair face each other and wiggle their arms)
The pair rolls around and crawls on the floor.
MS. DARBUS: Well that was just... very disturbing. Go see a counselor. Next!
The pair walks offstage.
Gabriella walks up to Troy, who is still hiding behind the janitor's cart.
GABRIELLA: Hey!
Troy is startled.
GABRIELLA: So you decided to sign up for something?
TROY: Uh... No! You?
GABRIELLA: No. Why are you hiding behind a mop?
Troy gives a chuckle and moves the cart away.
GABRIELLA: Your friends don't know you're here, right?
TROY: Right.
Both nod.
Onstage a student opens her mouth to sing, but hesitates, standing still.
MS. DARBUS: Thank you, next.
The student runs off.
TROY: Uh, Ms. Darbus is a little... harsh.
GABRIELLA: The wildcat superstar is afraid?
TROY: No, no. I'm not afraid. I'm just, scared.
GABRIELLA: Me too... usually.
MS. DARBUS: And for the lead roles of Minnie and Arnold, we only have one couple signed up, Sharpay and Ryan. I think it might be useful for you to give us a sense of why we gather in this hallowed hall.
The twins stand. Sharpay flings her sequin jacket over her shoulder and stops Ryan to walk in front. Ryan rolls his eyes. Gabriella and Troy take seats in the back. Shrapay and Ryan walk onstage. Kelsi puts a hand up.
KELSI: What key?
RYAN: Oh, we had our rehearsal pianist do an arrangement.
KELSI: Oh.
Ryan walks into place and puts on his hat. Students holds up their microphones. Sharpay snaps and the curtain closes.
 
Behind the curtain, Sharpay and Ryan perform vocal excercises and hand movements.
What I've Been Looking For
(
As the song begins, Sharpay and Ryan stick their hands out the curtain and snap.
 The curtain rises and they take the 
microphones
 to sing. They casually walk on stage and break into poses. They snap side to side and point to one another. Sharpay does a step-touch while 
Ryan does jazz squares
. Ryan passes behind Sharpay. They point to one another. They turn, pretending to be lost, then sing back to back.
Sharpay hands Ryan the microphone and tap dances. Ryan hands Sharpay back her microphone and she continues to sing. Ryan does a one-handed cartwheel. Sharpay and Ryan lean on their knees and pretend to zip their mouths closed. Sharpay covers Ryan's eyes and taps his shoulder. Sharpay spins away from Ryan. 
Ryan sings directly into the microphone, lifting it up as he moves his head.
 Sharpay flips her hair back and points to the audience. Ryan and Sharpay walk and snap rythmically across stage. They stop and change directions. Sharpay bumps into Ryan and gives him annoyed look, quickly returning to a smile. They hug themselves and slide in front of/behind each other. They hold each other's microphones and dance. Ryan twirls Sharpay and does a jazzhand. They skip back and forth. Ryan and Sharpay strike poses then freeze in place.)
SHARPAY: 
(in a hushed tone)
 I told you not to do the jazz squares.
RYAN: 
It's a crowd favorite. Everybody loves a good jazz square.
Sharpay glares at Kelsi, who begins to clap, as do the stagehands. They bow and curtsey.
MS. DARBUS: 
(standing up)
 Well, are there any last-minute sign-ups?
RYAN: 
(speaking to a girl)
 Don't be discouraged. The theater needs more than just singers. It needs fans too. buy tickets.
Kelsi runs up to Sharpay.
KELSI: Actually, if you do that part with that particular song, I imagined it much slower.
SHARPAY: If we do the part?
Sharpay smirks and looks around.
SHARPAY: Kelsi, my 
sawed-off
 
Sondheim,
 
I've been in seventeen school productions
 and how many times have your compositions been selected?
KELSI: 
This would be the first?
SHARPAY: Which tells us what?
KELSI: Uh, I need to write you more solos?
SHARPAY: No, it tells us that you do not offer direction, suggestion, or commentary. And you should be thankful that me and Ryan are here to lift your music out of it's current obscurity. Are we clear?
KELSI: Yes ma'am. I mean, Sharpay.
Sharpay smiles and holds the microphone close.
SHARPAY: 
(waving)
 Nice talking to you.
Sharpay saunters away.
MS. DARBUS: Any last minute sign-ups?
Gabriella looks at Troy.
TROY: 
(whispering)
 We should go.
MS. DARBUS: No? Good. Done.
Ms. Darbus starts to leave. Gabriella steps out.
GABRIELLA: I'd like to audition, Ms. Darbus.
TROY: 
(whispering)
 What!
Troy looks shocked and motions that his mind is blown. He spins and covers his eyes.
MS. DARBUS: Timeliness means something in the world of theater, young lady. The individual auditions are long over and there are simmply no other pairs.
TROY: I'll sing with her!
Troy steps out and puts his hand up.
MS. DARBUS: Troy Bolton, where is your sports possee or whatever it's called?
TROY: Team.
MS. DARBUS: Ahh. 
(walking towards the pair)
TROY: But I'm here alone. Actually I'm here to sing with her.
MS. DARBUS: Yes, well, we take these shows very seriously here at East High. I called for the pairs audition and you didn't respond. Free period is now over.
Ms. Darbus begins walking away.
TROY: She has an amazing voice.
MS. DARBUS: Perhaps the next musical.
Kelsi gets up from the piano bench and picks up a stack of music sheets. She trips and they go flying. Gabriella and Troy run over to her to help pick them up.
TROY: You're a composer. You wrote the song Ryan and Sharpay just sang?
Kelsi stares.
TROY: And the entire show?
Kelsi nods.
TROY: Well that's really cool. I, uh, 
(Troy holds out his hand)
 can't wait to hear the rest of the show.
Kelsi takes his hand and he helps her up.
TROY: So, why are you so afriad of Ryan and Sharpay. I mean, it is your show.
KELSI: It is?
TROY: Isn't the composer of the show kind of like the playmaker in basketball?
KELSI: Playmaker?
TROY: You know the one that makes everyone else look good. I mean, without you there is no show. You're the playmaker, Kelsi.
KELSI: I am?
Troy nods.
KELSI: Do you want to hear how the duet is supposed to sound?
Kelsi sits at the piano. Gabriella and Troy step over as Kelsi sets up sheet music and plays. Kelsi looks pointedly at the music then Troy.
What I've Been Looking For (Reprise)
(Troy and Gabriella sing the duet as Kelsi plays the piano.)
TROY: Woah, it's nice.
MS. DARBUS: 
(standing out)
 Bolton, Montez - you have a callback. Kelsi give them the duet from the second act. Work on it with them.
KELSi: All right. If you guys want to rehearse I'm usually here free period and after school, and even sometimes during biology class. You can come and rehearse anytime. Or you can come to my house for breakfast. I have a piano, we can rehearse there. After school, before school - whatever works. After basketball class...
Troy flips through the sheets.
TROY: What?
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH ENTRANCE, DAY
SHARPAY: (V.O.) Callback!
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAY, DAY
SHARPAY: Ahh!
Sharpay fans herself as she and her brother stare at the callback sheet.
RYAN: 
(reading from the Call Back sheet)
 Callback for roles Arnold and Minnie next Thursday, 3:30 PM. Ryan and Sharpay Evans. Gabriella Montez and Troy Bolton.
SHARPAY: Is this some kind of joke? They didn't even audition!
RYAN: 
Maybe we're being punked.
SHARPAY: What?
RYAN: 
Maybe we're being filmed right now. Maybe we'll get to meet Ashton.
SHARPAY: Oh shut up Ryan!
Zeke, Chad, and Jason walk up beside them and laugh.
CHAD: What's wrong?
The basketball players read the list. Chad's face falls and the boys looks confused.
CHAD: What?
Chad glances at Ryan and Sharpay in disbelief before walking away. Sharpay storms off and the others step up for a closer look.
CUT TO: 
INT. EAST HIGH CAFETERIA
(On the middle level of the cafeteria, Sharpay paces back and forth in front of the railing. Behind her is the thespian posse including Ryan and Kelsi.)
SHARPAY: How dare she sign up? I've already chosen colors for my dressing room!
RYAN: 
And she hasn't even asked our permission to join the drama club.
Sharpay slams the table.
SHARPAY: Someone's gotta tell her the rules.
RYAN: Exactly. 
(Ryan pauses)
 And what are the rules?
Sharpay scoffs and walks back to the railing. The camera pans to Chad at a table with jocks and cheerleaders. Behind them, Zeke paces on the platform.
Stick to the Status Quo
(Zeke begins to sing and gets his group's attention. He throws a ball to another guy. He steps up and puts his arms around Chad and another jock. The group encourages everyone to move closer. The group looks confused when Zeke tells them he loves to bake. The group dances and pushes down Zeke into his seat.
At the braniacs table, Martha reads a book and begins to sing. Her friends put their hands towards her and encourage her to share. Martha stands and strikes some hip-hop poses. The braniacs shake their hands no and motion to be quiet. The braniacs take their books and dance. They point to the books and wag their fingers at Martha.
At the skater table, another guy begins to share his secret. He plays a cello and motions playing it with his hands.
 The skaters shake their hands and heads dramatically. They motion skateboarding and shake their arms.
Sharpay and Ryan watch the students at the lunch tables below in synchronized dance. The skater plays cello. A cheerleader plays with a basketball. A student break dances on the floor. Martha dances on a table with a jock. A cheerleader ruffles Chad's hair. He tosses a basketball behind him and rolls on the floor before leaping to his feet. The scene becomes more and more chatoic as the different groups begin to intermingle.
Sharpay sing in protest as she paces behind the rail. The students begin to become self-conscious and retreating back to their circles. Ryan joins Sharpay at the rail. Sharpay puts a hand up to stop  Ryan and sing. They sing together.
The students are all seated. The skater pops up from the table and is pulled down by his posse. Martha stands and her posse shakes their hands. 
Zeke puts a knee up on the table seat, holding crème brûlée.
 The jocks put their fingers to their hands and Zeke's crème brûlée flips over.
Sharpay yells. Taylor and Gabriella walk in.)
GABRIELLA: Why is everybody staring at you?
TAYLOR: Not me, you.
GABRIELLA: 
(distressed)
 Because of the callbacks? I can't have people staring at me! I really can't!
(Cont.) 
Stick to the Status Quo
(The students perform a synchronized dance at the lunch tables. Sharpay and Ryan walk down the stairs as the other students continue dancing. Taylor and Gabriella walk through the crowd. Gabriella slips in milk and her cheese fries land on Sharpay.)
SHARPAY: Ahhh!
Gabriella tries to wipe Sharpay's jacket. The jocks stare.
GABRIELLA: I am so sorry.
Taylor steers her away. Chad grabs hold of Troy.
CHAD: You do not want to get into that man.
 (pointing to Sharpay)
 Too much drama.
TROY: Yeah.
MS. DARBUS: What is going on here?
The cafeteria stares at Sharpay. She takes a deep breath.
SHARPAY: Look at this! That Gabriella girl just dumped her lunch on me, on purpose. It's all part of their plan to ruin our musical. And Troy and his baskeball robots are obviously behind it. Why do you think he auditioned? After all the hard work you've put into the show, it just doesn't seem right!
Students move aside as Sharpay runs upstairs. Ms. Darbus walks off. Ryan looks down at the cheese fries.
TROY: 
(to Chad)
 What's up?
CHAD: What's up? Oh, let's see... um. You missed free period workout yesterday to audition for some heinous musical And now suddenly people are... confessing.
Chad pulls Zeke towards them. Zeke still hold the crème brûlée.
CHAD: Yeah, and Zeke. Zeke is baking. 
Crème brûlée
!
TROY: Oh what's that?
ZEKE: 
Oh, it's a creamy custard-like filling with a caramelized surface. It's really satisfying.
Troy and Zeke nod their heads excitedly.
CHAD: Shut up Zeke!
Zeke's face falls and he walks up to the skater. The fist bump. CHad and Troy go to the table.
CHAD: Look, you see what's happening here man? Our team is coming apart because of your singing thing. Even the drama geeks and the braniacs suddenly think they can... talk to us. Look the skater dudes are mingling. 
(Chad points to the skaters talking with Zeke)
 Suddenly people think that they can do other stuff. Stuff that is not their stuff. They've got you thinking about show tunes when 
we've
 got a playoff game next week.
CUT TO: INT. MEN'S LOCKER ROOM, DAY
Coach Bolton sits at his desk. He has a pencil behind his ear and eats a sandwich. 
He reads a newspaper showing Troy shooting a layup. The headline reads, "Knights to battle Wildcats for District Playoffs".
 Ms. Darbus walks in. Teen boys in towels see her as they emerge from the showers and she averts her eyes. Someone throws a towel which nearly hits her. Ms. Darbus enters Coach Bolton's office, shakes her scarf, and removes her glasses. He looks up.
MS. DARBUS: Alright Bolton. Cards on the table right now.
COACH BOLTON: Huh?
MS. DARBUS: You're tweaked because I put your stars in detention and now you're getting even.
COACH BOLTON: What are you talking about Darbus? 
(putting down his newspaer)
MS. DARBUS: Your all-star son turned up at my audition. Now I give every student an even chance, which is a long and honorable tradition in the theater. Something you wouldn't understand, but if her is planning any sort of practical joke in my chapel of the arts-
COACH BOLTON: Troy doesn't even sing.
MS. DARBUS: Oh, well, you're wrong about that, but I will not allow my "Twinkle Towne" musicale to be made into farce.
COACH BOLTON: "Twinkle Towne"?
MS. DARBUS: See, I knew it. 
(wagging a finger)
COACH BOLTON: 
(smiling)
 Hey...
MS. DARBUS: I knew it. 
(putting on her glasses)
Ms. Darbus storms out.
COACH BOLTON: Sounds like a winner. Good luck on Broadway.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH CAFETERIA, DAY
GABRIELLA: Is Sharpay really really mad at me? I said I was sorry.
TAYLOR: Look, no one has beaten Sharpay out for a musical since kindergarten.
GABRIELLA: I wasn't trying to beat anyone out. We didn't even audition, we were just singing.
TAYLOR: You won't convince Sharpay of that. I'm telling you, if that girl could figure out a way to play both Romeo and Juliet, her own brother would be aced out of a job.
GABRIELLA: I told you, it just happened, but I liked it. A lot. Did you ever feel like there's this whole other person inside of you just looking for a way to come out?
TAYLOR: Not really, no.
They look at each other, smile, and chuckle. The school bell rings.
TAYLOR: Let's go.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Zeke walks up to Sharpay's locker.
ZEKE: Hey Sharpay. Um, I just thought since Troy Bolton's gonna be in your show...
SHARPAY: 
(puts a finger up to silence him)
 Troy Bolton is not in my show.
Sharpay pulls a shirt on a hanger from her locker.
ZEKE: OK, um. Well I just thought maybe, uh, you could watch me play ball sometime.
SHARPAY: I'd rather stick pins in my eyes.
ZEKE: Wouldn't that be awfully uncomfortable?
SHARPAY: Evaporate tall person!
Sharpay slams the locker and walks away. Zeke watches.
ZEKE: I bake! If that helps...
Looking dejected, he leans against the wall.
The camera cuts to Gabriella at her locker. As she opens it, a piece of paper falls. She opens it and smiles. She puts it back in her locker.
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH ROOFTOP, DAY
Troy waits at the garden rooftop as Gabriella climbs up the stairs, smiling widely.
GABRIELLA: 
(looking around)
 Wow, it's like a jungle out here.
TROY: Yeah, just like that cafeteria.
GABRIELLA: Well, I just humiliated myself into the next century.
TROY: No, come on.
GABRIELLA: So this is your private hideout?
TROY: Yeah, thanks to the science club. Which means my buddies don't even know it exisits.
GABRIELLA: You pretty much have the school wired, don't you Troy? Seems to me like everyone on campus wants to be your friend.
TROY: 
(laughs)
 Unless we lose.
GABRIELLA: Well I'm sure it's tricky being the coach's son.
TROY: Makes me practice a little harder, I guess.
I don't know what he's gonna say when he finds out about the singing.
GABRIELLA: You worried?
TROY: My parent's friends are always saying, "Your son's the basketball guy. You must be so proud."
Troy stares off solemly.
TROY: Sometimes I don't wanna be the basketball guy. I wanna be a guy. You know?
GABRIELLA: I saw the way you treated Kelsi at the audition yesterday. Do your friends know that guy?
Troy sighs.
TROY: To them, I'm the playmaker dude.
GABRIELLA: They don't know enough about you Troy. At my other schools I was the freaky math girl. It's cool coming here and being anyone I wanna be. When I was singing with you, I just felt like a girl.
TROY: 
(pointing)
 You even looked like one too.
Gabriela laughs. Troy sits beside her on a bench.
GABRIELLA: Remember in kindergarten how you'd meet a kid and know nothing about them. Than ten seconds later you play like you're best friends because you didn't have to be anything but yourself?
TROY: Yeah.
GABRIELLA: Singing with you felt like that.
TROY: Well, uh... I never thought about singing, that's for sure. Till you.
GABRIELLA: So you really wanna do the callbacks?
TROY: Hey, just call me freaky callback boy.
GABRIELLA: You're a cool guy Troy. But not for the reasons your friends think. And thanks for showing me your top secret hiding place. Like kindergarten.
They smile at each other and look away. The bell rings. Troy grabs Gabriella's hand and they hurry down the stairs.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH MUSIC ROOM, DAY
Kelsi plays the piano.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Troy leans on the stair railway reading sheet music.
TROY: 
(singing)
 We're soaring, flying. There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach...
Ryan heads upstairs and hears Troy singing. He presses his ear up to the door. He jiggles the door handle, but it's locked.
TROY: ...If we're trying, then we're breaking...
Troy notices the handle jiggling. Ryan drops to the floor and peeks through the gap in the door. He stands, looking puzzled.
CUT TO: INT. GIRL'S BATHROOM, DAY
Gabriella stands reading sheet music.
GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
 creating space between us til we're separate hearts
In the hall, Sharpay hears Gabriella and perks up. She enters the bathroom and Gabriella panics.
Sharpay glances towards the sink and sees no one. Sharpay eyes the stalls and kicks one open, giving a yell. She turns and looks at the mirrors, checking herself out. She leaves the bathroom and Gabriella emerges from behind a wall and watches her go, breathing a sigh of relief.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH MUSIC ROOM, DAY
Gabriella sits beside Kelsi, who plays the piano.
GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
 There's not a star in heaven that we...
The scene changes and it is now Troy practicing with Kelsi. 
He circles the piano while holding a mallet as a microphone.
TROY: 
(singing)
 ...flying. There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach...
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
COACH BOLTON: 
(walking down the line as the basketball players practice passing the ball)
 Let's go guys! Make it sharp! To the chest, come one! Pop it! Come on guys, step with it! Let's go!
(pointing)
 Come on, move it! Let's go! Come on, guys focus! Focus! Get your head in the game! Move it!
Coach Bolton turns to Jason.
COACH BOLTON: You seen Troy?
JASON: No, coach.
Coach Bolton gives him ball, whistles, and walks away.
COACH BOLTON: Again, let's go.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATER, DAY
Gabriella bobs her head and taps her foot as she sews a costume. She smiles and looks at Troy, who also bobs his head and taps his foot as he paints prop boxes. Troy stiffens when he notices Ms. Darbus looking. Troy and Gabriella look at each other again and resume.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
COACH BOLTON: That's it guys. Hit the showers. Good hustle. Let's see that in the game.
Troy arrives as the team leaves. Chad hands him a basketball.
TROY: I, uh, think I'm gonna stay awhile. Work on some free throws.
COACH BOLTON: Well since you missed practice, I think your team deserves a little effort from you today.
Coach Bolton stalks away. Troy wears a guilty expression.
Gabriella appraoches Troy as he takes a shot.
GABRIELLA: 
Wow, so this is your real stage.
TROY: Yeah, I guess you could call it that. Or just a smelly gym.
Troy hands Gabriella the ball. 
She takes a shot and makes it.
TROY: Woah! Don't tell me you're good at hoops too.
GABRIELLA: You know, I once scored 41 points at a league championship game.
TROY: No way.
GABRIELLA: Mmmhmm. And the same day I invented the space shuttle and microwave popcorn.
TROY: Microwave popcorn. Haha funny.
Troy takes a shot and makes it.
GABRIELLA: I've been rehearsing with Kelsi
TROY: Me too. And, uh, by the way, uh. I missed practice. So if I get kicked off the team it should be on your conscience.
GABRIELLA: Hey I wasn't the one who told you-
TROY: Gabriella, chill.
She takes the ball and runs.
TROY: Hey that's traveling. No, that's really bad traveling.
Troy catches up to her. He picks her up from behind and spins her. They laugh. Coach Bolton walks in.
COACH BOLTON: Miss, I'm sorry. This is a closed practice.
Troy smiles awkwardly.
TROY: Dad come on, practice is over.
COACH BOLTON: Not till the last player leaves the gym. Team rule.
GABRIELLA: Oh, sorry, sir.
TROY: Um, dad, this is Gabriella Montez.
Gabriella holds out a hand.
COACH BOLTON: Ah your detention buddy.
Gabriella's smile fades and she retracts her hand awkwardly.
GABRIELLA: I'll see you later Troy. 
(handing Troy the ball)
 Nice meeting you Coach Bolton.
Coach Bolton nods. Gabriella jogs away.
COACH BOLTON: You as well, Miss Montez.
TROY: Dad, detention was my fault, not hers.
COACH BOLTON: You haven't missed practice in three years. That girl shows up 
(pointing)
TROY: That girl is named Gabriella. She's very nice.
COACH BOLTON: Helping you miss practice doesn't make her very nice. Not in my book or your team's.
TROY: Dad, she's not a problem. She's just a girl.
COACH BOLTON: But you're not just a guy, Troy.
You're the team leader.
What you do affects not only this team, but the entire school. And withut you completely focused, we're not gonna win next week. The championship games, they don't come along all the time. They're something special.
TROY: Yeah, well, a lot of things are special Dad.
COACH BOLTON: But you're a playmaker, not a singer, right?
TROY: Did you ever think that maybe I could be both?
Coach Bolton looks taken aback. Troy drops the ball and walks off, revealing his teammates hiding by the gym door.
CHAD: Let's go.
The team follows Troy.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH LIBRARY, DAY
Troy looks for a book as Chad follows him.
CHAD: What spell has this elevated-IQ temptress girl cast that suddenly makes you 
(pointing)
 want to be in a musical?
TROY: 
(putting hands up)
 Look, I just did it. Who cares?
CHAD: Who cares? 
(grabbing Troy's shoulder)
 How about your most loyal best friend?
MISS FALSAFF: 
(emerging from between the bookshelves)
 Quiet in here Mr. Danforth
MISS FALSAFF: It's him, Miss Falsaff, not me. 
(to Troy)
 Look, you're a hoops dude 
(handing Troy a basketball)
 not a musical singer person.
Troy walks forward and tosses the basketball back to Chad. Chad runs up.
CHAD: Have you ever seen Michael Crawford on a cereal box?
TROY: 
(taking a book form a shelf)
 Who's Michael Crawford?
CHAD: Exactly my point!
Troy fips a page in the dictionary on a pedestal. Chad places his ball on top to stop him.
CHAD: 
He was the Phantom of the Opera on Broadway.
 Now my mom, she's seen that musical 27 times and she put Michael Crawford's picture in our refrigerator. Yeah, not on it. In it. 
So my point is if you play basketball you're gonna end up on a cereal box.
 If you sing in musicals, you're gonna end up in my mom's refrigerator.
TROY: Why would she put his picture in her refrigerator?
CHAD: One of her crazy diet ideas. Look I don't attempt to understand the female mind Troy.
Miss Falsaff pokes her head out and looks at them. Both boys looks away.
CHAD: It's frightening territory. 
(as the boys walk away)
Troy sits down with the book at a table. Chad puts one foot up on the seat beside him and places his basketball on the table.
CHAD: How can you expect the rest of us to be focused on a game if you're off somewhere in leotards singing 
(Chad motions jazz hands)
 "Twinkle Towne"?
TROY: No one said anything about leotards.
CHAD: Not yet my friend, but just you wait. We need you captain, big time.
MISS FALSAFF: Mr. Danforth
Chad puts his hands up, feigning innocence.
CHAD: I tried to tell him Miss Falsaff. 
(to Try)
 Really tried.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Zeke, Chad, and Jason enter the classroom as Sharpay sees from the hallway. She pulls Ryan towards her.
SHARPAY: Something isn't right.
They walk up to the door and watch the basketball players approach Taylor.
CHAD: Hey look, we need to talk.
TAYLOR: Go.
RYAN: 
(whispering)
 They must be trying to figure out a way to make sure Troy and Gabriella actually beat us out. 
(Sharpay grimaces)
 The jocks run most of the school, but if they get Troy into the musical then they've conquered the entire student body.
SHARPAY: And if those science girls get Gabriella hooked up with Troy Bolton, the scholastic club goes from drool to cool. Ryan, we need to save our show from people who don't know the difference between a Tony Award and Tony Hawk.
They saunter away.
TAYLOR: Do you really think that's gonna work?
CHAD: It's the only way to save Troy and Gabriella from themselves. So we on?
TAYLOR: Yeah.
CHAD: Good, so we start tomorrow then.
TAYLOR: OKay, the first thing.
CHAD: Nice. 
(to Jason and Zeke)
 Let's gp.
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH ENTRANCE, DAY
A skater rides past a few students. Chad peers out from behind a stone post, then beckons Taylor. She rolls her bag over. 
Chad checks three watches on his wrist.
CHAD: 
So my watch is 7:45 Mountain Standard Time.
 We synched?
TAYLOR: Whatever.
CHAD: Alright then we're on go mode for lunch exactly at 12:05
TAYLOR: Yes Chad, we're a go. 
(waving her hand in his face)
 But we're not Charlie's Angels, okay?
Taylor hands Chad her laptop.
CHAD: I can dream, can't I?
Taylor rolls her eyes and walks away. Chad heads off, in a creeping motion.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Students filter down the stairs. The school bell rings.
CUT TO: INT. MEN'S LOCKER ROOM, DAY
Troy walks with a confused expression. He finds his teammates surrounded by various pieces of Wildcat memorabilia, including many trophies. Chad holds up a framed photo.
CHAD: "Spider" Bill Netrine. Class of '72. He was the MVP in the league championship game.
ZEKE: 
holding up picture frame
 Sam Nedler, class of '02. Also known a "Sammy Slamma Jamma". Captain MVP of the league championship game.
JASON: The "Thunder Clap" 
(team claps)
 Hap Hadden, '95. Led the Wildcats to back-to-back city championships. A legend.
CHAD: Yes, legends, one and all. But do you think that any of these Wildcat legeds became legends by getting involved in musical auditions just days before their league championships?
BASKETBALL TEAM: Get your head in the game!
CHAD: No. These Wildcat legends became legends because they never took their eye off the prize.
BASKETBALL TEAM: Get your head in the game!
CHAD: Now, who was the first sophmore ever to make starting varsity?
BASKETBALL TEAM: Troy!
CHAD: Who voted him our team captain this year?
BASKETBALL TEAM: Us!
CHAD: And who is gonna get their sorry butts kicked in Friday's championship game if Troy's worried about an audition?
BASKETBALL TEAM: We are.
TROY: Guys, come on. There's twelve people on this team, not just me.
CHAD: Just twelve? Oh no.
Chad makes a beckoning motion.
CHAD: I think you're missing a very important thirteenth member of our squad.
Chad hands an upside down picture frame to Troy. Troy flips it over and sees a teenage basketball player in a Wildcats uniform.
TROY: My dad.
CHAD: Yes, Troy. Wildcats basketball champion, class of 1981. Champion, father, and now coach. 
(shaking his head)
 It's a winning tradition like no other.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Gabriella sits on a stool. Taylor fronts the braniacs and presents on a laptop to her.
TAYLOR: From lowly Neandrathal and Cro-Magnon, to early warriors and medevial knights. All leading up to...
A student reveals a poster of a basketball player with a picture of Troy's head pasted on top.
TAYLOR: ...lunkhead basketball man. Yes, our culture worshipped the aggressor throughout the ages and we end up with spoiled, overpaid, bonehead athletes who contribute little to civilization other than 
(gesturing to the poster)
 slam dunks and touchdowns. That is the inevitable world of Troy Bolton.
Gabriella looks amused. A student puts up the poster.
TAYLOR: But the path of the mind, the path we're on, ours is the path that has brought us to these people: 
(each person mentioned appears on the slideshow)
 Eleanor Roosevelt, Frida Kahlo, Sandra Day O'Connor, Madame Curie, Jane Goodall, Oprah Winfrey, and so many others who the world reveres.
GABRIELLA: Ah, but what is... I've got Kelsi waiting for me to rehearse.
TAYLOR: Gabriella! Troy Bolton represents one side of evolution. And our side, the side of education 
(slams pointer)
 and accomplishment 
(slams pointer)
 is the future of civilization. This is the side where you belong.
CUT TO: INT. MEN'S LOCKER ROOM, DAY
TROY: Guys, if you don't know that I'll put 110 percent of my guts into that game, then you don't know me.
CHAD: But we just thought-
TROY: I'll tell you what I thought. I thought that you're my friends. Win together, lose together, teammates.
CHAD: 
(propping up the laptop)
 But suddenly the girl, and the singing.
TROY: Man, I'm for the team! 
(a teammate discreetly records Troy)
 I've always been for the team. She's just someone I met.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Gabriella waches a livestream of Troy talking and furrows her brow.
TROY: All right, the singing thing is nothing. Just a way to keep my nerves down. It all means nothing to me. You're my guys and this is our team. Gabriella is not important. I'll forget about her. I'll forget the audition and we'll go out and get that championship. Everyone happy now?
TAYLOR: Behold, lunkhead basketball man.
A tear rolls down Gabriella's face. The braniacs walk away, except Taylor.
TAYLOR: So Gabriella, we would love to have you for the scholastic decathalon. Did you wanna grab some lunch?
Gabriella smiles solemly and shakes her head.
TAYLOR: Well, we'll be there if you wanna come.
Gabriella nods.
CUT TO: INT. MEN'S LOCKER ROOM, DAY
CHAD: Wildcats!
BASKETBALL TEAM: Get your head in the game!,
The team cheers and leaves the locker room.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Gabriella hears cheering and steps to the window. Outside, students, band, cheerleaders, and basketball players gather and sing "Wildcat Pep Theme". Gabriella looks on sadly as the team lifts up Troy on their shoulders and he holds up a basketball. They chant his name. Gabriella turns away from the window.
When There Was Me and You
(Gabriella sings by the window.)
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
(She sings and walks down the hallway with her hands in her pockets. Gabriella walks by a railing and on the wall there is a poster reading "basketball". She stops at the railing and moves expressively. Gabriella walks down the stairs and then the hallway. 
She pauses at giant basketball poster reading "Wildcats", featuring Zeke, Troy, Chad, Jason, and another basketball player. She leans on Troy's picture
. She continues on and walks along an empty hallway.)
Gabriella turns the corner to her locker. Troy walks up and puts a hand on her locker.
.
TROY: Hey, how you doing?
Gabriella ignores him.
TROY: Listen, there's something I wanna talk to you about.
GABRIELLA: And here it is. I know what it's like to carry a load with your friends. I get it. You've got your boys Troy. It's okay. So we're good.
TROY: 
(looking slightly puzzled)
 Good about what? I was gonna talk to you about the final callbacks.
GABRIELLA: I don't wanna do the callbacks either. Who are we trynig to kid? You've got your team and I've got mine. I'll do the scholastic decathalon and you'll win the championships. It's where we belong. 
(pulling out sheet music and handing it to Troy)
 Go wildcats.
TROY: But I-
GABRIELLA: Me neither.
Gabriella leaves. Troy looks baffled.
TROY: Gabriella?
A group of pep members run by, cheering.
CUT TO: EXT. BASKETBALL COURT, DAY
The basketball team practices.
CHAD: 
(running to Troy)
 Hey Captain!
Chad hands him the basketball, but Troy doesn't take it and runs around the track.
BASKETBALL PLAYER 1: Where's Troy?
BASKETBALL PLAYER 2: Yo what's up?
ZEKE: What happened?
CHAD: Don't worry about it.
CUT TO: EXT. BOLTON HOME, DAY
Coach Bolton stands at the door frame and watches Troy shoot a basket and miss. Troy dribbles betweens his legs, takes a shot and misses again. He grabs another ball and dribble. Spinning towards the hoop, he shoots and misses. He grunts in anger and hurls the ball at the fence. Coach Bolton looks on concernedly Troy lays down on the grass and puts his arms over his face, frustrated. Coach Bolton goes back inside.
CUT TO: EXT. MONTEZ HOME, DAY
Gabriella steps out onto the balcony and stares off. She heaves a sigh.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH CAFETERIA, DAY
Troy enters the cafeteria with a bagged lunch and milk carton. He flips the milk carton in his hand. He encounters Gabriella, who carries a food tray. They both smile softly. Martha points and Taylor notices.
TAYLOR: Oh hey...
Shaking her head, Gabriella walks away from Troy. Troy looks sad. Gabriella sits down away from Taylor, who looks disappointed. Troy starts to go.
CHAD: 
(lifting a hand up)
 Troy, hey
Troy shakes his head faintly and leaves. Gabriella wears a miserable look. Chad and Taylor step away from their tables with guilty expressions.
CUT TO: EXT. EAST HIGH ROOFTOP, DAY
Troy sits alone among the plants. 
Chad, Zeke, and Jason climb up the stairs and approach.
CHAD: Hey, um, we just had another team meeting.
TROY: Oh, wonderful.
CHAD: We had a team meeting about how we haven't been acting like a team.
Chad, Zeke, and Jason nod their heads.
CHAD: 
(gesturing)
 I mean us, not you. Look, about the singing thing, we-
TROY: Look, dude I don't even wanna talk about it.
CHAD: We just want you to know we're gonna be there. OKay, cheering for you.
TROY: Huh?
ZEKE: Yeah, if singing is something you wanna do, we should be boosting you up, not tearing you down.
CHAD: 
Yeah, win or lose, we're teammates.
 That's what we're about. Even if you turn out to be the worst singer in the world.
Chad punches Troy on the shoulder.
JASON: 
(stepping forward)
 Which, you know, we don't you because we haven't actually hears you sing.
The boys agree.
TROY: And you're not gonna hear me sing, guys. 
(nodding)
 'Cause Gabriella won't even talk to me... and I don't know why.
Troy's teammmates wear guilty expressions. Chad sighs.
CHAD: We do.
ZEKE: 
(pulling out baked good from his lunch bag and handnig them to Troy)
 I baked these fresh today. You probably want to try one before we tell you the rest.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Gabriella looks at a textbook and does a chemistry equation on the chalkboard. Taylor and the braniacs walk up.
TAYLOR: Gabriella, we were jerks. No, we were worse than jerks because we were mean jerks. We thought that Troy and the whole singing thing were killing our chances of having you on the scholastic decathalon team.
GABRIELLA: I heard what he had to say. I'm on your team now. Done.
TAYLOR: No, not done. We knew that Chad could get Troy to make him say things to make you want to forget about the callbacks. We planned it, and we're embarassed and sorry.
GABRIELLA: No one forced Troy to say anything. And you know what, it's okay. We should be preparing for the decathalon now, so it's time to move on.
TAYLOR: No, it's not okay. The decathalon is whatever, but how you feel about us and even more, Troy, that's what really matters.
Gabriella stares at Taylor, then turns back to her work. As she writes on the chalkboard, Taylor faces the braniacs.
TAYLOR: 
(in a low voice)
 We tried.
The braniacs leave. Gabriella wears an uncertain look.
CUT TO: EXT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
Troy approaches the front door and knocks.
TROY: 
(Troy speaks in a hushed tone as Ms. Montez peaks out the window to see who's there)
 Hi, I, uh... Just came to say I'm sorry
Ms. Montez opens the door. Troy spins around.
TROY: Hi, Ms. Montez, I'm Troy Bolton.
MS. MONTEZ: Oh, Troy!
Gabriella stands at the stairs and mouths "No".
MS. MONTEZ: Um... Gabriella is kind of busy with homework and such, so now's not really a good time.
TROY: I made a mistake, Ms. Montez, and I would really like to let Gabriella know that. Could you tell her that I came by to see her?
MS. MONTEZ: 
(nodding)
 I will, Troy. Goodnight.
TROY: Goodnight, thank you.
Troy walks away and Gabriella's mom shuts the door. Handsin his pocket, Troy steps on the lawn and pauses. He glances at the house and wears a thoughtful expression as he walks off. He sneaks into the backyard and makes a call on his cellphone.
CUT TO: INT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
In her room, Gabriella reads as her phone starts ringing. She picks it up and answers it.
GABRIELLA: Hello?
TROY: What you heard...
CUT TO: EXT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
TROY: ...the other day, none of that is true. I was sick of my friends riding me about singing with you so I said things...
CUT TO: INT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
TROY: I knew would shut them up. I didn't mean any of it.
Gabriella turns on her bedside lamp and gets up.
CUT TO: EXT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
Troy looks up at Gabriella's room as the lights turn on.
GABRIELLA: You sounded pretty convincing to me.
TROY: Listen, the guy you met on vacation is way more me than the guy who said those stupid things.
CUT TO: INT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
GABRIELLA: Troy, the whole singing thing is making the school wack.
CUT TO: EXT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
Troy paces.
GABRIELLA: You said so yourself, everyone's...
CUT TO: INT. MONTEZ HOME, NIGHT
GABRIELLA:...treating you differently because of it
TROY: Maybe that's because I don't only want to be the basketball guy. They can't handle it. That's not my problem, it's theirs.
GABRIELLA: But your dad?
TROY: And it's not about my dad. This is about how I feel and I'm not letting the team down. 
(Gabriella walks to her bedpost and leans)
 They let me down. So I'm gonna sing. What about you?
GABRIELLA: I don't know Troy.
TROY: Well you need to say yes because I brought you something.
GABRIELLA: What do you mean?
TROY: Turn around.
Turning, Gabriella finds Troy stading outside on her balcony.
 She sets the phone aside and opens her door.
TROY: 
(singing)
 This could be the start of something new. It feels so right to be here with you, oh. And now looking in your eyes, I feel in my heart, the start of something 
(spoken)
 new.
Gabriella smiles tearfully. Troy holds up the sheet music.
TROY:  It's a pairs audition.
Nodding, Gabriella steps outside and takes the music. As she walks past him, he cracks a grin. Gabriella looks back and they lock eyes. He steps beside her.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
A whistle blows. The basketball team runs drills. Troy dribbles down the court then turns away from someone. He passes to a teammate and dodges an opposing player. The teammate passes back to Troy, who passes again. He takes back the ball and makes a basket. The team whoops and Coach Bolton claps. Troy looks excited.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
Gabriella writes on a chalkboard.
GABRIELA: Zn 4 and by doing that you end up with two and two. Got it?
The brainiacs nod. Taylor high-fives a girl. She gives Gabriella an approving look.
CUT TO: INT. MEN'S LOCKER ROOM, DAY
A teammate shakes Troy's hand. Troy drys his hair with a towel and throws it in a hamper. He points at himself in the mirror and shakes his hair. He darts out.
CUT TO: INT. SCIENCE CLASSROOM AT EAST HIGH, DAY
The students wear protective eye gear and hold notebooks as they gather round Gabriella who has a glass in front of her.
GABRIELLA: Okay guys, come here. Go ahead and put five grams of this in. 
(as a student pours in a purple powder and the mixture fizzez)
 And that causes it to change from an acidic state causing the color to change from pink to blue. Just like those pH test strips. 
(looking at the clock)
 Oh, gotta go. See you guys later.
Rushing out, Gabriella removes her apron and sets it on a hook.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Troy slows his run and leans casually against the lockers. He peers at his wrist, which has no watch. Gabriella runs past and grabs his hand.
TROY: Woah!
Gabriella yanks him down the hall and giggles.
TROY: You're late.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH MUSIC ROOM, DAY
Kelsi plays the piano as Troy and Gabriella sit on stools.
TROY & GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
...strength to believe
GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
 we're soaring!
TROY: 
(singing)
 flying!
TROY & GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
 There's not a star in heavan...
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Sharpay and Ryan walk down the hall.
TROY & GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
 ...that we can't reach, if we're trying
SHARPAY: 
(singing lightly as Ryan bops his head)
 ...slide and ride that rhythm, bop bop bop, bop to the-
Sharpay stops abruptly, holding her hands out. Sharpay and Ryan lean to the side to hear better. Sharpay gasps.
TROY: 
(singing)
 Yeah we're breaking free
GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
 Oooh!...
RYAN: 
(somberly)
 Wow... 
(with a worried smile)
 They sound good.
TROY: 
(singing)
 ... Can you feel it building? Like a wave the ocean just can't control...
Sharpay scoffs and walks to the window of the music room door. She sees Troy and Gabriella practicing with Kelsi. She looks shocked
GABRIELLA: 
(singing)
 Connected by a feelin', ooh, in our very souls
SHARPAY: We have to do something.
Sharpay walks back to Ryan.
SHARPAY: 
(as they walk down the hallway)
 Okay, our callbacks on Thursday and the basketball game and scholastic decathalon are on Friday. too bad all these events weren't happening on the same day... at the same time.
Ryan looks puzzled.
RYAN: Well, that wouldn't work out because then Troy and Gabriella wouldn't be able to make the...
Sharpay lifts her brow at him.
RYAN: I'm proud to call you my sister.
SHARPAY: I know.
Sharpay saunters off and Ryan follows.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATER, DAY
Kelsi sits at the theater as Ryan and Sharpay walk by with Ms. Darbus, chattering.
MS. DARBUS: So, if you're telling me as co-presidents of the drama club that changing the callbacks would be what's best for our theater program, then I might actually agree with you.
Ms. Darbus and Sharpay share a look. Ms. Darbus walks off and Sharpay puts a hand on her hip. She sighs and looks pleased.
RYAN: Is that a yes?
Sharpay winks dramatically and Ryan follows her away.
SHARPAY: 
(singing)
 Bop, bop, bop, bop to the top, and wipe away your inhibitions. Stomp, stomp, stomp, do the romp, and strut your stuff. Bop, bop bop, straight to the top, going for the glory
Kelsi wears a dull expression as she places her pencil on the piano.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
A message on the callbacks sheet reads "Callback auditions rescheduled to Friday beginning at 3:30 PM".
 Kelsi reads it as Troy and Gabriella walk past with their friends.
CHAD:... No problem at all, it was crazy man.
Troy and Gabriella step up to read it.
TROY: Callbacks the same time as the game?
GABRIELLA: And the scholastic decathalon.
TAYLOR: Why would they do that?
CHAD: I smell a rat named Darbus.
KELSI: Actually, I think it's two rats, niether of them named Darbus.
CHAD: Do you know something about this, 
small person
?
KELSI: 
(stepping up to Troy)
 Ms. Darbus may think she's protecting the show, but Ryan and Sharpay are only concerned with protecting themselves.
CHAD: 
(shoving his basketball to another guy)
 Do you know what I'm going to do to those two overmoussed show dogs?
TROY: 
(as Zeke and another guy hold back Chad)
 Nothing. We're not gonna do anything to them. Except sing, maybe. Alright, now this is only gonna happen if we 
(motioning to all)
 all work together. 
(putting a hand towards the center)
 Now who's in?
Gabrielle puts her hand on Troy's. The friends stack their hands on top. Chad and Taylor give a high-five.
ONE WEEK LATER
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
Game day, Callback Day, Scholastic Decathalon Day, HELP!
CUT TO: HOMEROOM, DAY
Chad, Zeke, Troy, and Jason enter homeroom. Troy and Chad cover Gabriella and Taylor's eyes as Zeke sets down a cake.
ZEKE: A pi pie.
Taylor and Gabriella give cries of excitement as the boys look on happily.
TAYLOR: Oh my goodness!
GABRIELLA: Oh my gosh!
They turn an point to Zeke saying it was all his work. Gabriella and Taylor turn to him in gratitude.
TAYLOR: What? Thank you. Oh, we have something for you too!
GABRIELLA: Yeah, come here, look.
They walk over to a whiteboard with equations analyzing how to make the perfect shot.
TAYLOR & GABRIELLA: 
(putting their arms out)
 Tada!
TROY: Oh, it's... equations.
Troy nods and the girls laugh. They turn the board over revealing a homemade poster of a wildcat mascot dunking a basketball. The basketball players exclaim in excitement. The girls begin throwing plush basketball toys at the boy and they play around.
Chad pulls Sharpay and Ryan over to the door frame as Ms. Darbus walks in.
CHAD: Stay right there and watch.
Ms. Darbus pauses at the door beside the twins.
CHAD: From our team to yours.
In the hall, the basketball team stands in formation. As they exclaim their letter, each boy opens their jacket to reveal a printed t-shirt.
ZEKE: G
JASON: O
VARIOUS BASKETBALL PLAYERS: D, R, A, M , A, C, L, U
CHAD: B
TROY: Exclamation point!
Sharpay puts a hand on her heart and seems pleased.
MS. DARBUS: Well, seems like we Wildcats are in for an interesting afternoon.
Ms. Darbus walks in and the students in the class rush to sit in their seats. ryan squints and tries to read the shirts.
RYAN: G, O, D... go dra-go dra...
Sharpay scoffs at Ryan and goes to take her seat. The basketball players walk into class.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
The school bell rings as students file out of class, cheering.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
The band plays in the crowded stands. On the court, cheerleaders perform a dance routine. West High Knights basketball players dribble basketballs back and forth.
CUT TO: INT. MEN'S LOCKER ROOM, DAY
Coach Bolton joins Troy, who is tying up his shoelaces.
COACH BOLTON: How are you feeling?
TROY: 
(looking back at his dad)
 Nervous
COACH BOLTON: Yeah, 
(fixing his tie)
 Me too. Wish I could suit up and play alongside ya.
TROY: Hey, you had your turn.
Coach Bolton laughs and goes to sit on the bench beside Troy.
COACH BOLTON: You know what I want from you today?
TROY: Championship
COACH BOLTON: Well that'll come or it won't. What I want is for you to have fun.
Troy looks up at his dad.
COACH BOTLON: I know all about the pressure and probably too much of it has come from me. What I really want is to see my son having the time of his life playing the game we both love. You give me that and I will sleep with a smile on my face no matter how the score comes out.
Troy nods and smiles, hesitating to speak.
TROY: Thanks coach, uh... dad.
Coach Bolton grins and caps Troy's leg as he walks out. Troy nods to himself with a thoughtful expression.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH CLASSROOM, DAY
Gabriella's mom sits down with other parents to watch the scholastic decathalon.
MALE COMMENTATOR: Welcome to the tenth annual Scholastic Decathalon. The East High Wildcats versus the East High Knights.
The Wildcats and Knights shake hands.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATHER, DAY
MS. DARBUS: 
(ushering in drama students)
 Hello! Right here, right here!
Kelsi lightly plays piano on stage.
CUT TO: INT. DRESSING ROOM, DAY
Sharpay and Ryan perform vocal excercises.
SHARPAY: Stop!
Sharpay does a trust fall and Ryan catches her. She faces him and puts her hands on his shoulders.
SHARPAY: I trust you.
RYAN: Energy
Sharpay and Ryan take a deep breath.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATHER, DAY
Ms. Darbus checks a student's watch.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH HALLWAYS, DAY
The basketball team bounds down the hallway and cheers.
TROY: Come on! Let's do it.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
MALE COMMENTATOR: 
(as the basketball team runs through the cheerleaders and bounce balls)
 And now, introducing your East High Wildcats!
COACH BOLON: Let's go! Let's go!
MALE COMMENTATOR: ...for this championship game between East High and West High!
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH CLASSROOM, DAY
The lead judge points, starting a timer. Gabriella and another student begin writing equations on the white boards.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATHER, DAY
MS. DARBUS: Casting the leads of a show is both a challenge and responsibility. A joy and a burden. I commend you and all other young artists to hold out for the moon, the stars, and the sun.
The students clap.
MS. DARBUS: 
(putting out a hand to Kelsi)
 Shall we soar together?
Kels takes her hand while a young boy takes a picture of them.
MS. DARBUS: Sharpay and Ryan!
Bop To The Top
(Ryan dances onstage. Sharpay comes out. They saunter to center stage. Ms. Darbus sings along and Kelsi checks the student's watch. Sharpay and Ryan perform a dance routine with salsa elements.)
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
The crowd roars "Wildcats". The Wildcats tap a table holding the trophy and they shake hands with thte team at center court. A refferee throws a ball. Troy catches it and dribbles it.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH CLASSROOM, DAY
The counter goes down from twenty-five seconds. Gabriella's mom watches intently. Gabriella excitedly runs to the timer and rings it. The lead judge checks Gabriella's whiteboard. He points at her team and they cheer. Gabriella shakes her opponent's hand.
GABRIELLA: Great job!
Cont. Bop To The Top
(Kelsi rolls her eyes as Sharpay and Ryan sing and dance.)
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH CLASSROOM, DAY
A clock reads 3: 34 PM. Gabriella and Taylor look at the time and sit. Taylor opens up her laptop and types.
TAYLOR: All right Wildcats, time for an orderly exit from the gym.
Taylor sends a code from her computer and transmits a message. Taylor shuts the laptop and shares a sly look with Gabriella.
A roving view moves across a jumble of wires to a server box. Colored lights blink on a box below.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
In the gym, the scoreboard shows a tie. Coach Bolton points as he watches the game.
MALE COMMENTATOR: And West High pushes the ball around the perimeter on the offensive end. Nice ball movement by West High. Driving the lane... shot is up and...
The scoreboard lights up and starts shorting out, malfunctioning. The teams stop playing as they notice.
MALE COMMENTATOR: We seem to be experienceing some technical difficulties, uh.
A referee blows a whistle and Troy grins.
MALE COMMENTATOR: Timeout on the court here.
REFEREE: We have a problem. Stop the game. Stop the game.
MALE COMMENTATOR: Referee has signaled timeout.
Chad gestures to Troy to get going and Troy runs out.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH CLASSROOM, DAY
Taylor and Gabriella stifle gags as they look at bubbling liquid in a glass flask. They wave the air in front of their noses and rush out of the room with their team. The lead judge signal to the spectators and everyone leaves.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
PRINCIPAL MATSUI: I'm sure we'll get this figured out real soon. In the meantime, per safety regulations, we need to all make an orderly exit from the gym, please. Thank you.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH THEATHER, DAY
Cont. Bop To The Top
(Sharpay and Ryan sing and dance. They step up a ladder decorated with gold tinsel under a disco ball. Sharpay taps Ryan's head and he steps a rung down the ladder. They put their arms out for the great finale.)
Ms. Darbus looks at them adoringly, while students clap. The siblings bow and curtsey. Ryan takes a step back and claps for Sharpy, who curtseys again. Students stand up from their seats.
SHARPAY: Oh hi! 
(motioning a phoen)
 Call me!
Ryan throws his hat to the audience, who jump to catch it.
MS. DARBUS: 
(walking onstage as a young students passes her a clipboard and props are put away)
 Do you see why we love the theater, people? Well done. 
(Sharpay and Ryan step out as Ms. Darbus looks down at her clipboard)
 Ah, Troy Bolton, Gabriella Montez. Troy, Gabriella!
KELSI: 
(frantically)
 They'll be here.
MS. DARBUS: The theater, as I have often pointed out, waits for no one. I'm sorry.
Looking hurt, Kelsey darts off.
MS. DARBUS: Well, we are done here. Congratulations to all, the cast list will be posted.
TROY: 
(running in)
 No wait! Ms. Darbus wait! We're ready, we can sing.
GABRIELLA: 
(running up the stage steps)
 Ms. Darbus please, please.
MS. DARBUS: Rules are rules.
People from the Decathalon and basketball game pour into the theater.
SHARPAY: 
(with an excited expression)
 We'll be happy to do it again for our fellow students Ms. Darbus.
MS. DARBUS: I don't know what's going on here, but in any event, it's far to late and we have not got a pianist.
RYAN: Well, that's show biz.
TROY: We'll sing without a piano.
Kelsi runs up.
KELSI: Oh no, you won't. Pianist here Ms. Darbus.
SHARPAY: 
(stepping out, to Kelsi)
 You really don't want to do this.
KELSI: 
(taking a step closer to Sharpay)
 Oh yes, I really do. Ready on stage!
MS. DARBUS: Now that's show biz.
Ryan and Sharpay look shocked. Sharpay storms off.
Troy hands a microphone to Gabriella, who looks at him uneasily. She looks to the crowded audience. Troy nods to Kelsi, who begins to play 
"Breaking Free"
. Gabriella hesitates to sing, mouth agape. Troy glances at her and motions Kelsi to stop. He steps to Gabriella.
GABRIELLA: 
(lowering her microphone)
 I can't do it Troy. Not with all these people staring at me.
TROY: 
(grabbing Gariella's arm as she begins to walk away)
 Hey, hey, hey look at me, right at me. Right at me. It'll be like the first time we sang together. Do you remember? 
(Gabriella nods)
 Like kindergarten.
Troy points to Kelsi, who starts playing. The background of a city skyline at night lowers from the rafters. Troy and Gabriela gaze at each other. Troy lifts his microphone to sing.
Breaking Free
(Troy sings. He motions upward towards the sky. He and Gabriella hold hands and step forward. They pull away and face each other. Troy slides to Gabriella and they step forward again. The audience begins to clap in rythm. Gabriella begins to gain confidence and dance a little with Troy. Gabriella steps to the side to take off her labcoat, revealing a pink top and floral skirt underneath, as Troy raises an arm and walks cross stage. He does some footwork and points to Gabriella. On the other side of the stage, she sings and motions. They walk towards each other and spin around. Gabriella motions for Troy to follow her to the piano and they sing next to Kelsi.  Chad stands up and claps in rythm, encouraging others to get up and clap too. Coach Bolton and Ms. Montez enter and watch their children sing. Gabriella pulls Troy towards center stage as a giant prop moon lowers from the rafters. Troy spins Gabriella. Ms. Darbus claps. Troy and Gabriella dance around the prop and walk to the front of the stage. As the song slows down, they gaze into each other's eyes.)
Gabriella smiles at Troy. The crowd cheers and they turn to look. Chad and Taylor applaud with their teams. Coach BOlton smiles faintly and glances around. Troy and Gabriella gesture to Kelsi, who stands and takes a bow. Troy kisses Gabriela's cheek. Kelsi points to a stagehand, who pulls a rope.
CUT TO: INT. EAST HIGH GYM, DAY
The championship game is in proress and the Wildcats are down by one point. Troy dribbles. Eight seconds remain. Troy passes to a teammate. He darts across the court and the teammate passes the ball back. Troy shoots and scors. The Wildcats basketball team and cheerleaders gather round him to celebrate as a Knights basketball player puts his hands on his head in defeat.
Coach Bolton shakes a man's hand and carries the trophy over to the team.
COACH BOLTON: 
(As he runs to the team)
 Coming through, coming through!
Coach Bolton hands the trophy to Troy and they lift him up.
CHAD: Hey, what team?
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: What team?
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: What team?
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Wildcats!
CHAD: Wildcats!
BASKETBALL PLAYERS: Get your head in the game!
The crowd cheers and there is a big commotion all around.
Coach Bolton hugs Troy and Ms. Darbus steps up.
COACH BOLTON: I'm proud of you, son.
MS. DARBUS: Bravo!
COACH BOLTON: Brava!
MS. DARBUS: Ah!
Coach Bolton and Ms. Darbus step away as Gabriella runs up to Troy.
WILDCAT: 
(offscreen)
 Hey, hey! Troy you're the man!
TROY: 
(pointing)
 No, you!
GABRIELLA: 
(wrapping her arms around Troy)
 Congratulations Wildcat!
TROY: What about your team?
GABRIELLA: We won too!
Troy and Gabriella move to kiss.
CHAD: 
(coming between them to shove a ball to Troy)
 Yo! Team voted you the game ball, captain.
TROY: 
(slightly miffed)
 Yeah thank you, thanks a lot.
Troy walks off and Chad grabs hold of Taylor in his arms as she runs past.
CHAD: So.. you're going with me to the after party, right?
TAYLOR: 
(happily surprised)
 Like on a date?
CHAD: Must be your lucky day.
Taylor turns to join Gabriella and Troy breaks away from her.
TAYLOR: Chad just asked me out.
They spin and laugh happily. Sharpay and Ryan step up to Gabriella.
SHARPAY: Well, congratulations. I guess I'm going to be the understudy in case you can't make one of the shows, so break a leg.
Gabriella looks startled. Sharpay laughs.
SHARPAY: 
(touching Gabriella's arm)
 In theater that means good luck.
Sharpay laughs and walks away, with Ryan behind her. Zeke runs up to her with a gym bag in hand.
ZEKE: Hey Sharpay, I'm sorry you didn't get the lead, but I think you're really good. 
(touching Sharpay's shoulder)
 I admire you so much.
SHARPAY: And why wouldn't you? Now, buh-bye.
Sharpay and Ryan begin to walk away.
ZEKE: Uh, wait, 
(reaching into his bag and pulling out a bag with cookies)
 I baked you some cookies.
SHARPAY: Ew!
Ryan takes the cookies with a smile.
RYAN: Nice game!
ZEKE: Thanks
Zeke runs off. A boy shakes the trophy beside Kelsi. Troy hands her a basketball.
TROY: Composer, here's your game ball. You deserve it playmaker.
They cheer. Smiling, Kelsi steps away from the group. Jason is about to run to the group, but he stops and turns to Kelsi. He pulls her hat off, and her hair cascades down. He helps her shoot the game ball, which goes in.
We're All in This Together
(The school marhcing band plays in the bleachers and students dance. The cheerleaders dance at center court while the others dance near the stands. Chad does a split jump. Troy sings and dances with members of various cliques. Gabriella steps out and dances, passing by Kelsi and Taylor, ending up in Troy's arms. The whole group does a synchronized dance. They clap and rock out. Ryan joins in from the stands. Ryan jumps into the crowd and is caughtand lifted by basketball players and Sharpay struts underneath, taking Zeke's hand. The group repeats the synchronized dance. Pairs of basketball players and cheerleaders dance at center court. Chad dances with Taylor. They take large steps and kick to the side. Then, all the pairs dance at the same time. The girls kick and roll over the guys' backs. Troy and Gabriella dance in front of the marching band. Ryan, Sharpay, Chad, and Taylor join in. Jason, Kelsi, and Zeke join in too and more students follow soon after. Troy puts an arm around Gabriella. They link arms with Sharpay and Ryan. Chad, Taylor, zeke, and Kelsi join the group. Troy and Gabriella dance back into the students. Sharpay and Ryan follow them. Chad and Taylor dance back through the crowd. Jason and Kelsi follow, along with Zeke and Martha. The students continue dancing as credits roll. Ms. Darbus dances with the Wildcats mascot. The young assitant bows and dances with her. Ms. Darbus leads a conga line.)
After all the commotion has subsided, Zeke is alone surrounded by balloons in the gym. Sharpay rushes in.
SHARPAY: 
(holding up a cookie)
 These cookies are genius! The best things I've ever tasted!
She tosses the cookie behind her.
SHARPAY: Will you make some more for me Zeke?
Zeke backs away as she charges to him, kicking balloons out of the way. She catches him and wraps her arms around him, panting.
ZEKE: I might even make you a crème brûlée!
Zeke smiles.
Credits