[Intro: BlocBoy JB]
Ha, ha, shh, be quiet
Don't say that shit around them niggas
You know that's there? That's Bloc and them
Those them niggas that be shootin' shit around the block, shit
Nigga, yeah, we don't wanna fuck with none of them, nigga
They don't give a shit if that nigga catch me out
For real, for real, for real, for real, for real
Like, don't say that

[Chorus: BlocBoy JB]
Don't say that (Word), don't say that (Word)
Don't say that (Word), don't say that (Word)
Don't say that (Yah), don't say that (Yah)
Don't say that (Yah), don't say that (Yah)

[Verse 1: BlocBoy JB]
I feel like I'm Ricky when I'm in this Maybach (Yah)
I just went 360, went and got the waves back (360)
And I call your bitch a mattress 'cause I lay that (Lay that)
She said BlocBoy made her wet when she got waved at (When got waved at)
Don't say that (Word), chopper spray that (Rra)
Where the AK-47 or the Drake at? (Huh?)
Get the bitch to set 'em up and find where they at (That's on my mama)
Yeah, I love money but the other thing I love is payback (Facts)
Call of Duty, tell me where the ray at? (Where the ray at?)
Stars on the roof, I shoot it up, now where your Wraith at (Ayy, where the Wraith at?)
You came in here with her, now tell me where your bae at? (Ayy, where your bae at?)
She on her knees, she gon' face that, ayy, that's your boo, don't say that (She slurpin')
Ooh, guess she prayed that (Prayed that), head loose, out the Maybach (The Maybach)
Tom and Jerry, when I see a rat, I'ma chase that (Chase that)
Shoes, bitch, I laced that (Laced that), this dick, your bitch crave that (She taste that)
You dissin', we don't play that (Huh), ooh, better not say that (That's on my mama)

[Chorus: BlocBoy JB]
Don't say that, don't say that (Huh)
Don't say that (Huh), don't say that (Huh, huh)
Don't say that (Woah), don't say that (Woah)
Don't say that (Woah), don't say that (Yah)

[Verse 2: Lil Uzi Vert]
Don't say that, don't say that
Don't say that, don't say that
That's what he said 'cause I know his girl from way back
Hold on, I only hit that thing once like where my cape at, ayy?
Okay, your nigga, he know I'm the one and he hate that, ayy
I might just cop me a 'Rari for fun, I'ma race that, ayy
Girl, your ass fat, ayy, girl, your ass fat, ayy
I can't chase that, ayy, where your waist at, ayy?
They say, "Why you say, 'Ayy', so much?", boy, bring that K back (Rra)
Money like my uncle, wish they'd bring Nate back, ayy
No, no, no, no, you do not have the drop, don't know where I stay at, ayy
Make her recoup, chicken hid right in the coop, shoot, my nigga BlocBoy, he bang that

[Chorus: BlocBoy JB & Lil Uzi Vert]
Don't say that, don't say that
Don't say that, don't say that (Yeah)
Don't say that, don't say that
Don't say that, don't say that (Let's go, let's go)