[Intro]
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh

[Verse 1]
I am the hottest in the whole metropolitan (yeah)
With so much knowledge that I overlook college, man
Is my mic on? Mama said "Just do it" so put your Nikes on
Aight mom, but these niggas out here rule this jewel to Jesus
And don't believe in me like Jews do Jesus (yeah)
I'm tryna make it out the rooms at the same reaches (aha!)
And see a million dollars but I never knew reaches (never did)
But now my change up like a picture (uh-huh)
I ain't lookin' at a poster but I see the bigger picture
And I used to do it at a momma basement like Tigga
But a nigga so hungry, I'm about to eat ya dinner (ye-up)
I'm here in the beginning and the end like winter
No matter what, was always told to "Go on! Keep your chin up!" (yeah)
Because you got to work it up like chin-ups
And get on the rebound like a sit-up, eh-heh

[Chorus]
All my life
How old they been puttin' me down? (they been puttin' me down, they been puttin' me down)
It's been all my life (uh)
Tryna get off the ground (we on the rise, we on the rise, we on the rise!)

[Verse 2]
Well, they say "You can only go as far as you can see"
If that'll determine all you could be
If that's the answers, I got 20/20 vision
'Cause a nigga out here gettin' what these other niggas didn't
Dawg, I went to eat-in like savages
So not eatin' at all like Africans
And my average is above averagin'
So they ain't gettin' none like after [?]
I ain't always had money but was rich in spirit
I always made noise even if you ain't hear it
No questionin', I'm ahead of them
And moved up like my last name Jefferson
The truth, my first name should've been evidence
'Cause some of y'all bitch made like estrogen
But ain't shit changed until the money out the ass
Like a nigga shit change, haha
(Damn!)

[Chorus]
All my life (uh, uh)
How old they been puttin' me down? (they been puttin' me down, they been puttin' me down)
It's been all my life (uh)
Tryna get off the ground (we on the rise, we on the rise, we on the rise!)

[Verse 3]
They underestimate 'cause I'm underage (uh-huh)
But I'll put in work like a brother that's underpaid
So, I'm paid like church on a Sunday
And fresh to death (uh), I belong on a runway
My pockets went from super broke to super swole
So now I ball like the Super Bowl
I ain't see me in the draft, it ain't eight in the morning (uh-huh)
But you see me first class (uh)
And I'm pickin' up that paper like a nigga work trash, damn!

[Chorus]
All my life (uh, uh)
How old they been puttin' me down? (they been puttin' me down, they been puttin' me down)
It's been all my life (uh)
Tryna get off the ground (we on the rise, we on the rise, we on the rise!)