[Intro]
Uh-uh
Woah, woah, woah

[Verse 1]
Why, why are you bringing this to work? (Work)
Don't you know that business comes first? (All the time)
Don't you know I been through the same shit and worse (Straight up)
Dead relationships, it's time to put it in the dirt (Dirt)
Why, why, why, why are you actin' like a bitch? (Bitch)
I got time for everythin' but this shit (No time)
Seems like everytime I'm real with you, I make it worse (Real, real)
Seems like every day you mad at me, you mad it hurt (Hurt, hurt)

[Chorus]
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah (Woah)
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (I just gotta ask, like)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah (Woah)
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (Damn)

[Verse 2]
You must be tryna get rid of me
You know that shit don't sit with me (No)
You are the epitome of the shit that get to me (Oh)
Look, chill, chill, chill, I don't mean to be cold, shit (Cold)
Michigan one-below shit (No)
But you need to know this (Know)
Everytime you push me to the edge (Edge)
I just wish that you would shut up, give me head (Head)
I just wish that you would show a little respect ('Spect)
Because even we face-to-face, it's like we don't connect (Shit)

[Chorus]
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah (Woah)
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (I just gotta ask, like)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (Look)

[Refrain]
I can't hear what you say when your mouth runs away
You need to straighten your mood
Look, you get no respect if you show no respect
Why'm I still talkin' to you?
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah
Oh-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 3]
Why you gotta put me on the spot when you know I hate [?]?
You know I try take a seat when I can't understand it (Woah)
And why you gotta raise hell instead of standards?
When did the happy home abandon?
Look, Goddamn it
You got an attitude problem, I got an altitude problem
Fuck the bullshit, if you need it I will get the mask
And the Batman just like we in Gotham
If you need the option
Look, I'm a little off the Hennessey
Just so you know the authenticity
Why you gotta be the centerpiece?
And kill of all the energy
Why can't we just build the synergy, huh?

[Chorus]
Why (Damn) are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (I just gotta ask, like)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (Why are you so)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
(Why? You need to keep that bullshit to yourself, man)
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (I gotta ask, like)
(You come around fuckin' the vibe up, we ain't got no time for that)
Why are you so emotional? Woah, woah, woah, woah
(It's only time to boss up, straight up)

[Outro]
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah
Oh-oh-oh-oh
Emotional, woah, woah, woah, woah (Quit bein' so)
Oh-oh-oh-oh