[Verse]
Man, they be talking to me like:
"Hurry up nigga, swear you taking too long
Spring break already passed, you been breaking too long
20 year restaurant shit, we waiting too long!
Hall of Fame on the way? On the way too long!"
I know, I been, saying the, same to myself
I treat the studio like I'm laying in the cell
Trying to raise the bar, staying to myself
Is it an oxymoron; niggas praying on my hell?
That don't make sense
I never hear these words again: "late rent"
Time is money, nigga tell me how your day spent?
Mine is doing business with people who got paid
And been paid since, "Sean changed since
He broke his high school girlfriend's heart
You know how niggas are"
Really? Shit, really?
That's hurtful seeing from your friends and fam
And the internet, even Necole Bitchie?
How many of you made it with your high school romance?
I made a visit to the school, role modeled to the youth
And had the teachers and the students hold hands
But they rather show a strip club pic: pole dance
Yeah, I guess
Fuck it I'm not a good person just to get the press
Like how he used to smoke and drink just for the stress
Being blessed, made a Lex on some Detox shit
Lately I'm reading books on some Deepak shit
Still rocking more Adidas, less Reebok, bitch!
We want songs like "Memories", "Desire, Want & Need"
Motherfucka you can keep "Guap", bitch!
Take it back to the old Sean, before you had a Rollie
Man when you was wearing that G-Shock shit!
Saying
"I'm gonna make a million... Just wait till tomorrow"
Went from sleeping on floors, to making them marble
And to make it out my hood, is harder than leaving Argo
You got all the drive in the world, but your car broke
You up so late, the motherfuckin bar closed
But you need a drink "why you work so hard bro?"
Its for moments like this!
Moments for interview sentences is
How close you, Royce, and Em is?
How big is your mom new crib, and
Stupid shit like, is G.O.O.D. still your imprint?
But this for the ones that already know
Who been working all month just to save up for the show
Who paid the babysitter extra so they can go
Who paid a little more, to get early front row
Like "I'm your biggest fan, I can't believe I met you
Can we pose for Instagram?
I'm the one who knew every word, then "swerve"!
Drove eight hours here, I swear to God
This well desereved", Man, this one for you