[Intro: Kanye West]
Yeah
Okay
Ayy!

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Ayo, poppin' willy shit, let's see who really rich
Y'all ride the beat, I'm about to pop a wheelie, bitch
Really this, I came up with on some silly shit
Look how good it is! I'll show you who you dealin with
Y'all illy? I'm iller, I'm from Illinois
Yo, Big Sean, why don't you call your Chi-Town boys?
Show me where they at, I will destroy
I'm 'bout to fuck somethin up, I might as well call the lawyer
G.O.O.D. Music run this bitch? Yes, we do
I know you thinking, "Damn, I wish 'Ye would bless me too"
In the booth, I use the restroom; 
It's best you...
Gon' head and kiss the Jesus piece 'cause I just blessed you, unh!
And holy water, odds against Ye,
 
it's slaughter
Ever since I opened up that 
Midnight Marauders
Now it's gon be a problem like a brand new installment
From the late, great, Mr. Christopher Wallace
They call us pompous; can I be honest?
Honestly, modesty wasn't ever in my policy
Apology accepted, you ain't say it? Shoulda said it
As soon as I did it, all that bullshit was deaded

[Hook: Big Sean & 
Kanye West
]
(
Get it?
) Yup, yup, I get it
G.O.O.D. Music, bitch, ain't nobody fuckin with it
And nah, nah, they can't really do it how we did it
It's G.O.O.D. Music bitch, ain't nobody fuckin with it

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
B.I.G. is, "Gee, whiz!" He is...
Sure he would be the man, ever since a fetus
I know it's niggas prayin on my downfall and weak shit
But I'm never going downhill, even on ski trips
I am the D, come and make an observation
It seem like the murder rate is higher than the population
Damn! I bet you just as sweet as you look, bitch
You are just Bushwick, I'm 8-foot-6
I'm so up-up on it like insomniacs
G.O.O.D. Music, man, 'Ye, where he find me at?
I'm so dominant, I'm so confident
That I'ma get a compliment on any fucking continent
From freaks that's fine as shit, without this designer shit
Big business, respect my conglomerate
Girls get check, but my bank get check more
Whenever niggas check up, I'm who they check for
Or have a check for; Louie V shit
So much Damier print, fuck around and play check-ors
And these rappers get critical damages
But I rap so good, it's no need for bandages
You the man in your city? Cool
When am I performing? Right after you
I'm sorry but you gone be ranked right after two
'Cause, I'm first place and second is my crew
So move, bitch! Yeah