[Intro]
Who y'all talking to man?
It's Big Sean, aye check it out, check it out, aye
This song is dedicated to all my niggas, who be hittin' mad hoes
Thinkin' everything's sweet, nigga
Better watch out, before something creep up on yo' ass.You know?
D-Town what up?

[Verse 1]
B.I.G is, se is on this beat-is
Why is they in my shit?
I guess they used to being nosey like Kleenex
Cleanest, as the cleanest
Head, toe, to penis, that's why she on my dick
Petiteness but that ass fat
So I grabbed that, and we would kick it like hacky sack
And yup and she was all mine, I had the ass cat
Made her my girl and my world, might I add that?
And it's sad that
After a few years and a few tears it all ended, and that's that (So sad)
The love was real, that's what my hearts feelin'
And even though we split, was no hard feelings
I ran into her though a few months after
At the, corner of Main St. and Fifth Ave
Asked her, how she was, how's mama and papa?
She said, "Aw boy, you know that you all that they aska' 'bout
And I'm proud you doin' good as a rapper
It's nice to see you off the ground like NASA"
And then we started kickin', and reminescin' bout' times past when I smashed
She said, "Remember in the rain I giggled when it splashed?"
She came twice, I came last on the grass
And all that talkin' got me in the mood (The mood)
I wanna get that ass in the nude, (The nude)
So I invited her back to my condo
Pronto to continue this convo, 'cause I know
If I hit that ass then, shit I could probably hit it again
So, then we back at my place
And it was no time wasted, she was in my face
But when I reached for that magnum
Shit, that's when she got mad and said
"Sean I wanna feel you like I used to baby and not this plastic"
I said, "Bitch, it ain't like how it had been
I don't know where you had been, I won't end up like Magic"
I promised Mama I would never end up like Magic
And I don't care how good that ass is
And since I wanted to dick her out
It just hurt much more after I kicked her out, damn
I need a model chick, where's Tyra?
Or maybe Eva, she fina'
But then my nigga Tone hit me on the phone
Like "Dawg, pray to God you didn't bone yo' bro
I was talking to that chick I hit, You know Symone
Well anyway her and your old girl like sisters (For real?)
But I guess she ain't know you was my nigga
To make a long story short
Last week on the 4th, they both got tested
Got the results, she tested positive for genital warts
And, for all them times you made her life depressin'
She wanted to pay you bick witha' infection (What the fuck?)
Grab the weed, grab the cell
Call up my niggas, got a story to tell

[Outro]
Yeah. So the other day fam, I was on Main St. and 5th Avenue gettin' my shop on and shit. (
Right, right, word
) Gettin' them shoes and shit. So I ran into my old chick dawg and I was like "Damn, she was lookin' right." She had that ass out you know what I'm sayin', I was lookin' at it. So anyway dawg, I invited her back to my condo and shit. You know how we do. (Right, right, right.) So anyway though I get her to the condo and she all on my dick and shit like she didn't know who I was. So anyway, I reach for the Magnum dawg -- I put on my helmet G, it's halfway on and she gettin' mad cause' I put the magnum on. She like "Sean Baby, Sean you can't do it like how you used to, Sean?" I was like, I told her, "I ain't tryna end up like Magic, bitch." But anyway though dawg, so then she got mad and shit so I kicked her out. I was over there, (
Hard than a mothafucka
) I was over there standin' like a tent, you know what I'm sayin, ready to tear it up and shit. So I kicked her out, but then my nigga Tone hit me dawg, and he was like talkin to that chick Symone or whatever. Yeah you know that chick you hit dawg? Yeah well anyway Symone and my old girl cool and shit dawg. (
They didn't know we was niggas
) I know, dumb ass bitches. But anyway though, she told that nigga like how they went and got tested dawg, and she tested for genital fucking warts (
What? The G-Bomb nigga?
) She had the G-Bomb dawg. I am so happy I didn't fuck. Goddamn