[Intro]
Yeah, woah
This what they been waiting on?
Critical, ain't no time left on the clock
When it's your time, give 'em something to watch
I picked out the locks 'til I buy out the block
And I know I'm a gift but I think out the box

[Chorus]
And they want me to stop but why would I stop?
Huh? I am unstoppable
Hold up, why would I stop?
Bitch, why would I stop?
Chill (Chill), chill
I don't jump, I dive in it
Hold up, hold up, hold up
This the reason I'm alive, ain't it?

[Verse 1]
This shit the antidote, this the cure cancer flow
Stop a pandemic and the globe
The product of old 'Ye chopping up the sample flow
Dilla and Pimp C, the triller
This shit might go too trill for Triller though (Woah)
I see you critical, I'm the hospitable
Favorite rappers, I done cut they umbilicals (Cut)
Rеd Wings jersey B.I.G., look like Pac
Thе blacker the berry, more they wan' see it rot (Rot)
I'm going down as one of the gods
G-O-D D-O-A, dead or alive
I'm laying low, they could be espionage
This ain't no walk in the park, you can't slide
Solution to everyone one else 'round me problems
Next episode, got the whole fucking world watching
I might leave the series, come back like I'm Rodman
Get it now or right now my only two options

[Chorus]
So why would I stop?
I am unstoppable
Hold up, why would I stop?
Bitch, this shit unstoppable
Chill (Chill), chill
I don't jump, I dive in it
Hold up, hold up, hold up
This the reason I'm alive, ain't it?

[Verse 2]
The DJ gon' drop this, we made it from scratch
I'm mindin' my business and all of it's black
My dawg on the same way, the mode is attack
I don't complain about life, I adapt
I'm at the point if I fuck with a lil' ho
It's not just a fling, it's a scandal (On God)
I can't be handin' out samples (No way)
I can't be havin' ten baby mamas
That shit sound like a job, not a family (Straight up)
And I do this shit for the family (Straight up)
Yeah, that's just the roots I had planted (On God)
D2
, this shit the new standard (Grr)
Upgraded the city, it got a new feeling
The house that I built (Woah, woah, woah)
House in the hills
Ain't no hills in the D so we all in the field (Woah, woah)
Running shit, five K, three K, André (Run it, run it, run it)
Hero in my hood, when they dress like me, that's cosplay
Give a fuck 'bout a threat, nigga
I'm a threat leaving out the driveway (Swerve-swerve-swerve-swerve)
I never listen to what the odds say
Why? When the universe respond to what I say
(I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say)
(I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say, I say)