[Verse 1: CyHi]
It may seem I'm sitting on a fortune
But sometimes money isn't so important
In my hood, I'm equivalent to Jordan
Dribbling on the court, but shawty I'm just recording
Fuck tricking, rather give it to an orphan
All you wanna do it hit the clit until it's sore, then
Get her pregnant, then neglect it
Then you go and tell the chick "get an abortion"
Them type of niggas Cyhi is not endorsing
They sitting down to take a leak, I'm pissing on the porcelain..
I'm from the South, but my parents are New Yorkin
Shouts out to Albany - I see you Uncle Norman!
Keep your family before friends
'Cause God is the only one that come before them
You got a nephew? Well, go support him!
You got some nieces, make sure that you adore them
I miss mine, cause I'm always out here touring
Or with the strippers at the Hilton up on Cortland
One from Utah, the other one from Portland
Throwin' on the Calliope, but I ain't from New Orleans
I can't lie, I lust for things
Like an old-school 'Lac or a Cut supreme
Or an iced-out G shock and a custom ring
And the freak with an ass that sits above her jeans

[Hook]
Woopty Doo!
Shawty stay caked up
Woopty Doo!
Just bought an Escalade truck
Woopty Doo!
You put some 26s on it
Woopty Doo!
Yo shit be looking pretty, don't it?
Woopty Doo!
You hit the club and make it rain
Woopty Doo!
You spend like 50 on the chain
But every 365 bro, you get a little wiser
And realize all that stupid shit bought was lame
Cause it don't mean shit, when you out there on your own
Cause it don't mean shit, when the Feds run in your home
Cause it don't mean shit, when you can't take care of your kids
Cause it don't mean shit, nigga, fuck what ya did
I tell them niggas "Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo!"
I tell them niggas "Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo! Woopty Doo!"

[Verse 2 - Big Sean]
Ok I'm rocking all gold
I feel like a fuckin' Pharoah from above
Bullets is bigger than fuckin' arrows
But in the middle of that peril
I'm still rocking new apparel
I just left the casino, I got money by the barrels
I feel like I'm Al Pacino
I'm counting Robert DiNero
If niggas want war, then best believe me that I'm there
You can catch me in the middle of that field like a scarecrow
Only difference is that a nigga's never scared ho
I'm tired of the cloudy days
I'm wishing for a sun
You would've thought that I was sterile
But I made it to the sky where angel asses erect us
Hollwood directors, Melrose dresses, ass that's the roundest
Toast another round up, but if I fell
Will they catch me before the ground does?
Who your real friends and friends by technicality?
They ask how your mama is, or ask for a salary?

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Cyhi]
Patience is better than pride
So I'm riding factory without the leather inside
Half of y'all ain't got a car to put leather inside
Plus, the smaller the rim, the better the ride!
Suckers talk, but I never reply
Don't hate niggas, cause I've never been a confederate guy
So when I die, and look God dead in the eye
He said I got a room for you and a bed in the sky
But y'all can't get no capital cause y'all priorities fucked up
Part of the minority cause majority of us
Die by the gun and let authorities cuff us
Everyday is like "Glory" to us, bruh
So keep it cool shawty, or see the tool shawty
Niggas say they gangsta's but ain't never made the news
Call me Saint Lou cuz I'm giving y'all the Blues shawty
If you see me in the Lamb, then you know that Boo bought it
I was blessed to leave these streets
I took my first loss when I was 3 weeks deep
A lot of robbing if you not a goblin
I sold weed, but my partner rock a robin like "Twee lee lee"
Heroin and PCP
I had the kush, you want the mid, you had to see GB
So take it serious when you get money
Ain't shit funny, nigga, "hee hee hee!"

[Hook]