Ey yo Romeo, you know I'm sorta the thug one in the group...
Well you know I'm like the sweet sensitive one but I guess you right...
What is a girl doing at 2 in the morning in a hotel lobby?
For real come on b,we're all dogs...
Don't do that
Let's just let em know
We dancin', we drinkin', relaxin', wassup..
But please don't waste my time..
And I don't wanna make you cry but please don't waste my time...
We kissin', we humpin' what's good with tonight..
But please don't waste my time..
I'll be gentle, sweet and nice, but please don't waste my time..
No need to front, cuz' I just wanna give you love..
Make an exception, you know my style's perfection..
One night sexin', that's what I'm expecting..
So don't get surprised and start rolling your eyes when I tell you 'Let's get crazy, hop in the ride
There's no man, no wife just plans for tonight
And if you screw up what we doin imma get real tight
Hsss... I ain't tryna to go through no novela..
I'm just wanna cutie with a bootie screamin' out wepa
That attitude I love it..
Forget what they say you with Max Agende
You know I got the works, quitana and presidentes
No rules, just me and my crew..
Tahoes and H2's...We rollin' big trucks..
Cuz' you all come with us point blank..
This is the adventure, when it's more than enough pleasure without feeling pressure
We dancin', we drinkin', relaxin', wassup..
But please don't waste my time..
And I don't wanna make you cry but please don't waste my time...
We kissin', we humpin' what's good with tonight..
But please don't waste my time..
I'll be gentle, sweet and nice, but please don't waste my time..
Sigo siendo el mismo Romeo muy sensitivo muy sentimental...pero esta noche cambiamo romance un chin de frescura te quiero perriar
So excuse me if I'm comin on too strong..
But we ain't got no time so gotta get my groove on..
Come on you know we how we been pegao for too long..
And if you hearing and ain't gettin down then you wrong
We here to wile out what the hell that about
No autographs or pictures, I just wanna get with ya..
Take you to the telly where me and Rome could split cha...
What a dream come true..
I rather you have a dude bull sh**ing you or me tellin you the truth 'Ey ma, I'm feelin you
Let me take you back, no fakin' jacks..
Everybody get's down when they're rollin' with Max..
I don't play that sh**, cause I let you know from the begining
What you gettin' in I say again..
Make up your mind, cause I won't hestitate to take the next chick in line so let me know..
We dancin', we drinkin', relaxin', wassup..
But please don't waste my time..
And I don't wanna make you cry but please don't waste my time...
We kissin', we humpin' what's good with tonight..
But please don't waste my time..
I'll be gentle, sweet and nice, but please don't waste my time..
And to the jealous ones dont think I'm gonna spare you
I know these songs about these girls, but Imma tear you..
Apart, respect the dudes who gave this game a new start
Yes thats our song on billboard charts what you think?
Nahh, it ain't going out my head I just tired of hearing about what these haters say
What are you stupid? its 9 years of blood sweat and tears
Ya bullsh** claiming ya dangerous, but really your just a fake 'us'
Ya could never take on us
Bass guitar give you razor cut lyrics that make your girl wanna f*** wit us
I guess that's why you hate us so much..
But guess what...motherfu**ers keep it up..
Ya bitin' the hand that feeds you..
You need us, now you tell me who needs you?
Yo Mikey...we gotta tell these girls we was just playing
Yeah they can come through...they can come through
But dont front
I ain't say that
You can come through
We give you some love you know
Just holla
Love and Hate baby
Aventura