Bizzy (Police Officer)
Shhh! Shut up, nigga. Shut the fuck up, nigga. Here they come. Here they come. Here they come, nigga. Duck down, nigga. Duck down. Duck down. Shit! (There they are.) Shit, come on, nigga. Come on! (These assholes are nothin' for a stake out.) Make a run for it. Nigga make a... (Freeze, motherfucker!) Shit!
Bizzy (Krayzie)
I'm little Ripsta. I'm... (Leathaface comin' to kill 'em at night.)…bye
Die, die, die! (So must we buck them studio thugstas. I'm...)
Willin' and ready to ride
Krayzie
Pop-pop! Droppin' them niggas with the Glock, done. Nigga, you best ah run, duckin' the shotgun, leavin' 'em up off my block stunned. One eighty seven lesson, and we done told you. You fuckin' with Bone, you better believe we livin' like soldiers. We droppin' that thugsta shit, so nigga just throw your pumps in the air. Then you pump-pump, put one in a copper like you just don't care. You don't wanna fuck with, you don't wanna buck with a realer nigga. Better check my manuscript: drugdealer, killa, cap-wigs peeler. Fuck with the Ripsta, #1 with the gun, come-come get some. Senseless killa. Fifth dawg and posse, run get gone. Fuck with the Bone, four niggas strong, leave 'em alone 'til it be on. Krayzie put one to your dome and nigga be thinkin' I'm wrong, so go on. 'Cause nigga this sawed-off ain't full of shit. Me lovin' to smoke tweed and me weed, man. They givin' me what me need, man. When I light my blunt, fold the niggas up in my hood, so when we smoke-smoke-smoke, get paid good, so we goin' blaze good
So come to the Land where all the thugs be real. Them St. Clair niggas, they ain't no joke so catch a slug or chill, nigga
Bizzy (Krayzie)
I'm little Ripsta. I'm... (Leather Face comin' to kill 'em at night.)…bye
Die, die, die! (So must we buck them studio thugstas. I'm...)
Willin' and ready to ride
Bizzy (Police Officer)
(Lie down with your hands behind your back!) Naw bitch, you lie your funky ass on the ground, now!
Reporter
The seemingly routine investigation had become a horrible nightmare
Bizzy
Runnin' with gats and bats, so nigga, don't test Rest or you get a peeled cap. Pap-pap that pump, better check that gun, 'fore a nigga done get that skull cracked. Little' Rip didn't wanna! The bigger the nigga the quicker get showed up. Let's swerve to the burbs, set up a hold-up, so many bodies me blowed up. Nuts, bucks, and guts, niggas mistakin' they balls for dogs. All niggas'll get mauled, no thang to pick up a pump and flip on all y'all. And they'll never hold-up especially when them roll, stop!. Bet I bringin' in them guns, run, a thug get low down. You don't wanna get nutted, 'cause nigga you gonna get bloody (bloody) once you see the braids and skully. Cuttin' that throat when I'm rippin' up somethin' lovely. What is it in you, deeper than dead? And we get fried. P.O.D.'d when a ganksta ride, creep, but you sleep and then fall in the night. Once inside forgettin' about remorse. Your curse will ride. Cry now when you're ready to lie down. When I'm weak in a mental state, somebody gonna die, now
Meanwhile, swerve to the burbs
Witnesses
Man, he just...all of a sudden, just jumped out of the window. I didn't know what was goin' on. I'm just walkin' by. Just got a—bought a bottle of wine. I was walkin' by, and all I seen was him jump when that lady yelled. (That was it.) I'm not sure what happened
Well, I saw his wife begging him, and she said, "Don't jump." And he did...wheeeeeew
Did you know the guy?
He sure had a problem. That's all I could tell you
All I seen was them put the lady in a police car and take her away, I guess it was his wife