[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator, Earl Sweatshirt]
Uh, addicts arise when I arrive
In this cracked crack fag back slab in disguise
Fat sack of knives in the passenger side
Bitch, reach for the door, get your access denied
I'm not an asshole, I just don't give a fuck a lot
The only time I do is when a bitch is screaming "Tyler, stop!"
The big bad wolf; to me, you're just a minor fox
Red Riding is getting some of this wolfly odder cock
We the niggas you scared of like bad dentists
Flow is anthemic, dirty like it's plants in it
Sick, spit a pandemic, crack and cancer mixed with cannabis
To have a bitch ready to stab a clit with some glass and shit
Your whole gang'll be diminished, bunch got the Brady's in it
Spit sick shit like my saliva got the rabies in it
Fuck rap, I'll be a landlord so I can rape the tenant's daughter
Leave my house with a new stomach, and a baby in it
Face it, me and Ace is sick like malaria carri—

[Interlude: Tyler, The Creator, Earl Sweatshirt]
"Augh! Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, stop!"
"Why did you do that?"
"Say sorry, say sorry!"
"Sorry! I'm sorry as fuck!
"Say sorry!"
"I'm sorry as fuck, ow, ow!"
"Say sorry!"
"I'm sorry! Don't look at this!"
"Say sorry"
"Don't look at this, ow stop!"
"Say sorry!"
"Ow! Stop 'fore you fuck something up!"
"Say, "Sorry!"
"Say, "Sor-"
"Sorry, sorry—Uncle!"
"I fucked this nigga eye up man haha"

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator, Earl Sweatshirt]
Face it, me and Ace is sick like malaria carriers
Jim Carrey her to the cemetery to bury her
Listen busters, scarier when I finger fuck her
After I dig her up and then eat her out with a bit of mustard
Took karate, mommy told me "Tyler toughen up"
Rihanna haircut, somebody tell Chris Brown to fuck me up
Had to teach the bitch manners, now I gotta learn her
I'll beat the fuck out your bitch anonymous, Ike Turner
Over, sloppy seconds is my preference
Except for when I'm feeding on the flesh of a pedestrian
Nessy loch monster stop Will he though? Probably not
Silly hoes lick my balls like FIFA lollipops
Get the certain tingle, eating Häagen-Dazs
With some soccer moms where they like to fucking sit and mingle
Watch an Animal Planet document on the Eagles
In the flyest '06 Supreme beanie, Sigel
Your grind's feeble, I'm regal, really, I'm Willy Smith
I am Legend, a snicker dick in a vanilli chick
Come take a stab at it faggot, I pre-ordered your casket
This is known as a classic, yeah that chapped lips crack shit
Hat is always forest so the bitches call me Gump
But compliment her tits and then its off to hump her
Fuck her in a Hummer while I rape her then I put her in a slumber
It's not a figure of speech when I tell you that I dumped her
Known narcissists, sipping on arsenic
Carved carcasses in the garage, don't park in it
Hard as finding retarded kids at Harvard
It's Wolf Gang barking keep you up like car alarms and shit
Over the edge, yeah I hide in a potato sack
'Cause I'm cold as ice like Anasia when she fucking Traq
I'm the type to put you down to bring myself up
So when I rape a bitch I hold her down and get my best nut
The reincarnation of '98 Eminem
60 Crip and Grizzly and some RMK Denim
Pay attention I'm stabbing your women friends, like a gentleman
Then dipping with the fucking pen to go sin again
White girl, you can ask her what the dick be like
At monster madness doing drive by's on a fucking fixie bike
Fuck it, moron, snorting oxycontin, wearing cotton
Oxymoron like buff faggots playing sissy dikes
This the shit that get cripple bitches to hop
Dirty crack pipes lit, bullshit to stop, halt
Boss broke, spouse choke, blouse open
Sly's little shop of horrors, now showing
I hate gays, gangbangers and fucking jerkers
Unless it's gay gangbangers, that's fucking jerkers
Whoa yo, yo.. no homo, I'm not gay, faggot
Odd Future Wolf Gang, Wu-Tang banging in your system
Probably banging in your sister
With my children swimming in her system
Let me say this shit in slow-mo, homo
You don't fucking skate, take off that box logo