[Intro (Tyler)]:
All right guys, um... (right motherfucker)
Look, I'm not gonna lie, some of you guys need extra credit (i don't nigga I'm smart)
It's the end of the semester, school's about to be out (fuck school, im dropping out)
And really, some of you guys aren't even passing, so.. (Nigga I gotta Z)
Today I'm going to give you guys a free write
You guys have 5 minutes to write about anything you want (fuck five, nigga)
So, uhh.. Get out a paper and pencil and get started.. (can I have a pen motherfucker?)

[Verse1]
Bass hit snaps yo back cracks front no football punt apple jacks no sin
Always out the motherfucking box, no in
Don’t have a religion, ignorant no sin
Begin my book first page no end
Talk to that piano no friends
We don’t try nigga, just natural
The mothafucking cloud feels good pterodactyl
Fuck tourrettes like pronouncing Tara backwards
Never been cool I just act natural
It’s a shame, mellow hype tame
Hodgy, Casey V, after that MellowHype came (Yes, sir)
And at heart we are all lames
At that brain we’re left and at this we’re best
I’m the teacher, so the students go ahead and test
Kinda like ninth grade when ugly bitches grew breasts
Kinda…..
I'm Waldo Find them soul, California rush I got a heart made of gold
At the end your bitch rainbow
Leprechaun I told that pussy did clove
I got a heart made of gold
Umm… I got a heart made of gold
Hey, yo, Domo, hit ‘em

[Verse2 Domo]:
I’m so 24 karat, heart made of gold
With subway lines dropping weight like Jared
Nigga I’m (arid?)
No stress bowflex get buff choke 'em till they go deaf
No rest switch teams and I’m still hot
Cuz everything I touch is golden
Jill Scott, pill pop
Swallow my stylow
Mr. Low Blow so ho lady me low
Explode all on your eardrums
Sex in that headphone about to make your ear cum
Here comes the Odd Future Rookie
Breaking niggas off like niggas share a cookie
Go book me I need to perform more
Cuz I’m raging like teenage hormones
And maybe a jail is what I board on
Cuz it’s death to any beat I record on
He got a heart made of gold
He got a heart made of gold

[Interlude]
Hey yo-shit-I’m half asleep and shit-fuck it yall

[Verse3 Tyler]:
Um… I’m ill, I’m sick, no lie I’m sick
I need my fucking meds
A cute Bitch that gives head
That only loves me for money
Didn't hear a fucking word I said
Gold digging
(Semi?) gold digging
Freestyles written, urine, shittin
Fuck it, pissing
Left Brain on the loop turn shit
No coupe it isn’t (turn it?)
That's cool
I’m living, smile every day
You wanna go away, I wanna go up
But how do I do that when I do not give a fuck
Let me rethink while I reheat up my lunch
In-fin
Stop, begin

[Verse4 Domo]:
One of a kind
A mile high stood out
Be raped, I went in and didn’t pull out
Mixtape is deaf, when it’s put out
I’m real, my down fall is what you should doubt
The Genesis, is winning shit
Need censorship, cuz I’m ignorant
Fuck a bee like I was intimate
My style is the new bitch
Get into it
(Back to Tyler the teacher)
Alright guys, time is up
Pass your papers and your pencils to the front
And uh… well, I guess free time
Hey Left Brain, put that piano away during class
Shit…. Fuck I need to quit