[Intro: Dr. TC]
So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well
Well, first off...

[Verse 1]
My only problem is death
Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect
Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret
Talking to me is like a fucking body missing a neck
But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off
Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked
My hands tremble, my finger slipped, the wall's red
Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead

[Hook]
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't evеr gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told hеr I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

[Verse 2]
When I was younger, I would smile a lot
I'm getting older, getting bolder, but a wiser top
Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of Budweiser tops
Life is a movie and you're just a prop
They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
My father called me to tell me he loved me—
I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me
Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me
I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me
Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant
Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it
Because I am the devil, fucker, get on my level
Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers
My life is Ms. Mon-unique Parker, but a little darker
I'll see you in a couple, OF

[Hook]
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

[Interlude: Dr. TC]
Tyler, here's some water, man. You seem a little tense. How's Thebe?

[Verse 3]
All because a nigga just don't give a fuck
Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up
But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up
That's what you should've did before that nigga bust, huh
Feel like I missed my little brother growing up
Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up
But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up
I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bruh
Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up
But I never had a drink— (Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!)
My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough
I won't feel the feelings I be feeling when I'm sobered up
But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that? I'm
As emotionally straight as Travis when he--(Tyler, calm down)
Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fucking cry
About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die
I finally had a family
Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley?
Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me
But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me?
Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death
One ear I got kids screaming, "O.F. is the best"
The other ear I got Tron Cat, asking where the bullets and the bombs at
So I can kill these levels of stress, shit
They say that I'm shock value
How about you hop off cock and turn volume down?
I haven't got around to telling my mom shit (why?)
Cause I don't know how to...(whoa)
All I want is her support, but no, it's the fights at home
When mommy cusses out cousin, some knifes get shown
Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown
And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone
Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone
Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack
For the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees
And deodorant like his house is my home
I could live with the same hat
And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack
And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday
Where I skate with the same fucking friends that
Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh
"Message from The GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat"
Email full of emails, I never write back
Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back

[Hook]
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems

[Verse 4]
One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops
I'm going in flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers
You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers
I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches
I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human
Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys
You niggas can't harm me cause y'all know that
We at the fuckin' Dirty like it's laundry (Tyler, calm down)
Nigga, get off me

[Outro]
(Calm down, man)
Fuck off me man, fuck (what's gotten into you?)
I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times
Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (yeah, you...)
It's like I got a fucking voice in my head
Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (yeah, what's this?)
I don't fucking know, man (what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?)
He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fucking do (what's his name?)
Tron Cat