[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Let's just run away from here ('Cause it's not, 'cause it's not)
Working out on Earth, my dear ('Cause It's not, 'cause it's not)
What you really want, girl (ooh)
My heart stops pumping blood when I see you (I see you, when I see you)
But I try to play it cool because (I like you, I really like you)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me...

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Let's move to California, right now (Pack your bags, go pack your bags)
I have wings on my back, so we don't (Take the plane, have to take the plane)
Girl, I know you ready, I can see it in your eyes
Boy, I know you're not, I can tell you're terrified
Oh, nobody has to know and if they did, they wouldn't care
When you rub my hands switching fifth gear (Wait)
Forget about it baby, let's not waste our afternoon (Forget about it baby)
'Cause we're gonna go fly to the moon (We're gonna go flyin' to the moon)
Yeah, but anyway (Pack your bags, did you pack your bags)
Leave your crew, bring your coat, 'cause it’s cold (Leave your crew, bring your coat)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me (Oh)

[Verse 3: Alice Smith & Leon Ware]
Don't you wanna go, girl
Let's go, let's go, right now
I think I believe you (Let me show you how girl)
It's nice that I need to (Woah, right now)
The earth is so rough I'm not calling your bluff
What, what, what (She would love that)
I think I believe you, take me higher (Know the way)
Let's make our way over to the Okaga cave
Today (today), there we will stay, (Yes)
Play it cool now, X-Y-Z how?
Welcome me in, then we'll begin

[Verse 4: Tyler, the Creator]
Suckin' on my ears, fingers rubbing through your hair
Fast wind, slow wind, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably couldn't tell but I be blushing when you with me
When you kiss me, swear to God, blood was rushing to my Jimmy
Oh, Laying on my trampoline, looking at the stars
From my fake space fog machine
Laying on my arm, it's dead
From the pressure of your head
I said I loved you, said it back
Like it was scripted, but you meant it
Like the flavor of that lemonade
That we was sipping on our sushi-ridden dinner date
Oh, you think you special now?
Other bitches trippin' now
'Cause we're fleeing to the moon
Fuck Earth, man we sick of y'all
Wings on my backs and we ain't gotta cop a ticket, nah, nah, nah

[Bridge: Leon Ware & Tyler, The Creator]
Oh yeah
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah (Let's go!)
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
(Watch this) Let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah
(Favorite director)
(Gonna be good)
Come on, baby
What you wanna do?
(I’m happy you came)
(I really like you)

[Outro: Alice Smith, Leon Ware & Tyler, The Creator]
Take me away
Fuck what they say (Okaga, California!)
To another place
Another day (Okaga, California!)
We in outer space
We'll waste our days (Okaga, California!)
Sade, Sade, Sade, Sade
Oh, right now (Okaga, California!)
Yes!
Let's go to the moon (Yes!)
Alright alright let me do it, hold up, shhh
It's about to start