[Verse 1: Casey Veggies]
CV, CV, CV, Remember me? Same lil' nigga that was out JV
Why my momma call me crazy? Why me daddy call me lazy?
Uh, sorry. I can't change. Lookin' at life, these dark frames
Cocaine, A fiend. I'm advanced, AP
That's why the cameras take me
I'm everything that they see, you blind niggas hating, I'm overlapping handclapping, more fame, more action
So nigga what's happening?
So nigga what's happening? (So nigga what's happening?)

[Bridge 1: Hodgy Beats]
Ever had a dream and you end up living it (Nah)
How have you changed? (Changed) Seems that I'm getting it
This lifestyle, I'm wild, just switching it (Yep)
They think Alzheimer's they forgettin' it (Why?)

[Hook: Hodgy Beats]
Don't you remember me? (Nah)
Don't you remember me? (You Should)
Don't you remember me? (Nah)
Don't you remember me? (They should)
Don't you remember me? (Nah)
Don't you remember me?
Don't you remember me? You better remember me!

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
A, C. Remember me? Fuck you. (Uhh...)
Still a rapper, no chain. Still skate,
 Nollie Tre
Got a couple aliens get in the zone
And them lames still trying to get the number of phone
All up in MySpace tryin' to get in my space
I gotta tell these faggots to leave me alone
Same asthma, different flare
Same inhaler, different air
Same truth, a different dare
Same club a billionaire

[Bridge 2: Hodgy Beats]
Trillionaire, Gazillionaire, too much to share
We don't care, ain't going nowhere
We right here, a knife to spare. We just don't want to share

[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator]
I got a couple bucks, what the fuck should I buy for lunch?
Donuts? 'Preme beanie? 
I'm Billie Holiday's needle
Shoot that shit, your armor's great. That rasta bitch, you got a date
It starts at 8, a one night stand, your dinners here. (Cut the stake)

[Bridge 3: Tyler, the Creator]
Remember Shock One's Team, we mob deep
Couple odd niggas are, rolling down your street
Hell hath no fury
 
when me and the devil meet. Does he remember me?
(Does he remember me?)

[Bridge 1]

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Casey Veggies]
Ah, ah, ah, I, I, I said hold on. Press flash. Had dreams to get cash
That shoebox is my stash, my first thought never comes last
So when you see me, make sure that you wear your 3D's. This is the C.D. Who you? Beats me
Homie you can't beat me, I'm gone you can't see me
(You cannot see us)
I'm gone you can't see me
I said, I'm gone you can't see me
When I pull up homie, I'm gon' fly off in that G3

[Outro]
Yeah.. Yeah man we see it. I mean, we the same niggas you knew..
The only difference is.. got a little more money in our pockets
Couple more friend requests.. Couple handshakes.. nothing major
We got smiles on our faces.. Remember me?
Remember me?