[Hook: Project Pat & Juicy J]
Niggas ain't barrin' that shit, my nigga
Slap a punk bitch, slap a punk bitch!
Niggas ain't barrin' that shit, my nigga
Slap a punk bitch, slap a punk bitch!
Niggas ain't barrin' that shit, my nigga
Slap a punk bitch, slap a punk bitch!

[Verse 1: $LICK $LOTH]
I'm sinking to unknown levels, the devil with no brake pedal
Stop all this murder, mo' murder, drugs got me cockin' the burner
Run up in your house, duct tape on your mouth
Evil shit, hittin' licks, never a drought
$uicide Grey*59, future is now
Lucifer in the flesh, you'd hear the sound
$ui, $ui-cide, $uicide!
Poppin' these pills, and I'm poppin' these shells
Oxy and heron crushed up in a bill
Feel like I'm watched by the eyes in the hill
$carecrow the menace, but $carecrow don't panic
I called on JGRXXN, and they ready to kill
Lil Uzi cocked, and he ready to drill
Smokin' out, locin' out in a DeVille

[Verse 2: RUBY DA CHERRY]
Roaches swarm around me as I rise and levitate
I be the snake of Genesis leading the Exodus to an unknown place
And claim it's safe, uh!
Gathering sheep to the slaughter, I show 'em the blade
Let them pray to the father and sneak up behind them
And open their veins, the devil in wolf's clothing
Yung Plague attends them demon masquerades
But I ain't mask my face
I pass the blade and ask to trade their soul for cash and fame
I scratch these names off of my list
I trash the place and dip back to my pit of ash and bones and hibernate
My sack of souls ain't gon' escape

[Hook: Project Pat & Juicy J]
Niggas ain't barrin' that shit, my nigga
Slap a punk bitch, slap a punk bitch!
Niggas ain't barrin' that shit, my nigga
Slap a punk bitch, slap a punk bitch!
Niggas ain't barrin' that shit, my nigga
Slap a punk bitch, slap a punk bitch!

[Verse 3: JGRXXN]
Watch me hypnotize you niggas 'cause JGRXXN got that phonk
I'm ridin' in a steamer with some bodies in the trunk
Jug mane, jug mane, you not the jug, mane
False flaggin' niggas, come and catch a blast, mane
These Schema-icide niggas always burning up the trunk
We runnin' down yo lane, I don't pull up I always dunk
I never gave a fuck about these niggas wanna play
And if you with the shit, please believe we on the way

[Verse 4: Black Smurf]
Hustle the maniac
Quick attack, you can't relax, you can't relax
So on your back, you even know I'd bust your ass
Be like fuck the cash but need the cash
Hustle passion for the love of bands
I kill a man; I rob a man, I be fiendin' bad
But damn if I tell you that
You be lurkin' in my business fast
Like “The fuck boy, how you doin' that?”
Before you know it I be at your neck
Like the dead, he vanish to a mist (Hustle!)
He see the noose that come up out the group
In the trunk we let bodies sit
Suicide the way we slittin' wrists
Roll the blunt then put it to my lips
Torch a car just for the love of chips
It's Hustle!

[Verse 5: Ramirez]
G-G-G*59 talking to the devil plot another 'nother crime
Elevate above the clouds, looking for the sun
When I fell from the heavens was losin' my mind
Rip off my wings, and I take off my halo
I'm looking for god but didn't find shit
So I slept with the devil, I sold my soul quick
I was fucking and then-then I made it my bitch
Murder suicidal, grippin' the rifle, hand on the Bible
Believe in false idols you living in dreams, but I'm stuck in reality thinking of schemes
Loss in the darkness where I become heartless
I creep through the night, and I keep my blade sharp
And I'm stuck in my wave
'Cause I don't give a fuck 'cause I'm throwing my elbows, I'm gettin' too buck

[Outro: Project Pat & Juicy J]
Niggas ain't barrin' that shit, my nigga
Slap a punk bitch, slap a punk bitch!