[Verse 1: El-P]
Smoke from the loosie drift, hold it like a crucifix
Blow from the nose, I'm a dragon to a gnome
Got a average of being excellent; the median just dope
Like the ratio of heroin to laxative that's sold
Authorities have spoken, demanded your pure devotion
Get magnetized to the ground while the falcons of murder close in
I chose to go guano, y'all know, kinda batshit
The bright lights of fuckery stuck in me, automatic
I’ll teabag a piranha tank, heart barely beating
A wild one who’ll swim like directly after he's eaten
While holding a toaster oven that's plugged with a fork in it
'Cause death by electrocution's like life in New York, i’n it?
Should've been a dentist, mom said it pain's the way that my craft expresses
Born in a little shop of horrors that I can't even afford to rent in
Where's the exit?
Wanna talk shop, I can chop it up with X-Acto touch
What's the rush?
Autograph skin flaps, tag 'em up
I don't brag enough, you de facto suck
A lot of you new to the El Producto milieu
Kinda like “Fuck is you?”
I'm a little black spot on a sun of lies
But I'm not too high to say I'm the truth
I line the booth to catch blood like a Bateman
Nathan sacred, I’ll mace a play pen
Jewel runner, bitch, make the name stick
Not for sale, but I'm taking payments

[Hook: Killer Mike]
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
(Everybody's doin’ it)
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
Everybody doin’ it
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
(Everybody's doin’ it)
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
I’m fly as a pegasus, that’s no embellishment
I’m here to pain the whole game, where the Excedrin?
Good pussy, good marijuana that be my medicine
And I’m a mixture of MJG and the Weathermen
A revolutionary bangin' on my adversaries
And I love Dr. King but violence might be necessary
'Cause when you live on MLK and it gets very scary
You might have to pull your AK, send one to the cemetery
We overworked, underpaid, and we underprivileged
They love us, they love us (Why?)
Because we feed the village
You really made it or just became a prisoner of privilege?
You willing to share that information that you’ve been given?
Like who really run this?
Like who really run that man that say he run this?
Who-who really run that man that say he run this
Run-run-run run this?
Like who really fund this?
Like who really fund who say he fund this?
Like who in the world gon' tell Donald Sterl who to put on the “You can’t come” list?
Now don’t be silly
Who the fuck gon' bully me if I got a billi?
If I got a billi and the bitch recording me, I’m like who cares
What I wouldn’t be is on TV stutterin' ta-ta-talkin' scared
So the question is when Don’s at home with that traitor ass bitch alone
Who’s that voice on the side of the phone that shakes and rattles his bones?
Could it be the man behind the man behind the man behind the throne?
Gone

[Hook]
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
(Everybody's doin’ it)
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
Everybody doin’ it
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win, win
(Everybody's doin’ it)
Lie, cheat, steal, kill, win

Everybody doin' it
Everybody doin' it (Doin' it)
Everybody doin' it