[Verse 1: Janelle Monáe]
Pynk, like the inside of your... baby
Pynk behind all of the doors... crazy
Pynk, like the tongue that goes down... maybe
Pynk, like the paradise found
Pynk when you're blushing inside... baby
Pynk is the truth you can't hide... maybe
Pynk, like the folds of your brain...  crazy
Pynk as we all go insane

[Pre-Chorus: Janelle Monáe]
So, here we are in the car
Leavin' traces of us down the boulevard
I wanna fall through the stars
Getting lost in the dark is my favorite part
Let's count the ways we could make this last forever
Sunny, money, keep it funky
Touch your top and let it down

[Chorus: Janelle Monáe]
Yeah, somethin' like that
Owwww! Somethin' like that
Yeah, somethin' like that
'Cause boy, it's cool if you got blue
We got the pynk

[Verse 2: Janelle Monáe]
Pynk, like the lips around your... maybe
Pynk, like the skin that's under... baby
Pynk, where it's deepest inside... crazy
Pynk beyond forest and thighs
Pynk, like the secrets you hide... maybe
Pynk, like the lid of your eye... baby
Pynk is where all of it starts... crazy
Pynk, like the holes of your heart

[Pre-Chorus: Janelle Monáe 
& Grimes
]
So, here we are in the car
Leavin' traces of us down the boulevard
I wanna fall through the stars
Getting lost in the dark is my favorite part
Let's count the ways we could make this last forever
Sunny, money, keep it funky
Touch your top and let it down, huh

[Chorus: Janelle Monáe & Grimes]
Yeah, somethin' like that
Owww! Somethin' like that
Yeah, somethin' like that
'Cause boy, it's cool if you got blue
We got the pynk
Yeah, somethin' like that
Owww! Somethin' like that
Yeah, somethin' like that
'Cause boy, it's cool if you got blue
We got the pynk

[Bridge: Janelle Monáe] (Emotion Picture Only)
I just wanna, I just wanna
I just wanna, I just wanna
I just wanna, I just wanna paint the town
I don't wanna hide my love
I just wanna hold your hand and be the one that you think of
When you need a holiday, when you wanna drink rosé
I just wanna paint your toes and in the morning kiss your nose
'Cause when I'm with you I don't feel afraid
Maybe this love will indoctrinate
I echo every word that you say
The way you feel, yeah I feel the same way
Remember the night when I combed your hair
I hope I didn't freak you out when I stared
I donate my truth to you like I'm rich
The truth is love ain't got no off switch
So if the walls come tumbling down
And if the ocean really does drown
And if my memories never come back
I'll still remember when we were first was naked at
Picture our faces and new oasis
When we made love we left many traces
Just like the blush thats on your cheeks
Deep inside we're all just Pynk

[Outro: Janelle Monáe]
Pynk, like the inside of your... baby (we're all just pink)
Pynk, like the walls and the doors... maybe (deep inside, we're all just pynk)
Pynk, like your fingers in my... maybe
Pynk is the truth you can't hide
Pynk, like your tongue going round... baby
Pynk, like the sun going down... maybe
Pynk, like the holes in your heart... baby
Pynk is my favorite part